NeatQueue is a Discord bot that servers can invite via the invite link, or by clicking NeatQueue's profile in discord and clicking invite.

ELO/PUG queueing bot that allows players to queue up for a specific game, interactively creates teams, and keeps track of player stats/mmr.

Want to host games of 5v5, 3v3, 2v2v2v2, 10v10v10? Look no further than NeatQueue!

NeatQueue is a team-vs-team/PUGs/matchmaking/6Mans bot, perfect for RocketLeague, Overwatch, Valorant, CSGO, R6, any gaming community that wants 24/7 running PUGS to hop into!

SETUP: Type /setup or /startqueue in the desired channel

View all commands with /help

This bot allows for players to queue up for custom games, and orchestrates the creation of teams automatically using
discord buttons! The bot can also run multiple queues simultaneously, and keep track of player MMR/ELO and stats.

NeatQueue is the easiest bot to use, only requiring users to click buttons instead of typing commands to play!

Features:


24/7 Uptime!

All player interaction is via buttons! No need to type!

Easy to reach support!

Loads of customization!

Built-in stats system (MMR, Rank, Wins/Losses, Previous Games and More!)

Global leaderboards to share stats between servers!

Predictions and match betting!

Ability to change the results of previous games!

AntiCheat and boosting detection!

Multiple team selection modes! (Captains, Random, Balanced, Unfair)

Multiple captain selection modes! (Two Highest Ranked, Two Lowest Ranked, Random)

Customize/Add your own voting menus!

Allow players to choose maps and gamemodes!

Specify lobby details to automatically generate!

Substitute players during a match!

Show rating in Discord nicknames!

Queue directly into teams, or allow for interactive team creation!

Utilize roles for your game!

Require certain ratings or Discord roles to join!

Automatic team and channel creation!

Rematches!

Assign/Remove roles depending on rating!

Automatically move players to channels!

Create teams/clans and queue up together for team vs team battles!

Automatically clean up forgotten matches and channels!

IF YOU HAVE ANY ISSUES, JOIN THE SUPPORT SERVER OR REACH OUT TO NeatZ#5525

Need some extra customization for YOUR server? Just join the support server and request a feature!