
Question: <@!297040314898841601> Currently you can see the number of games played by checking your wins and losses, both which are shown in /stats
Ill add a 'Games' leaderboard since I think that would be nice to see
Answer: Yeah, I was just not sure to use the mmr system right now, Not sure if people will vote that they lost and might troll, or maybe I didn't really understand the system


Question: im gonna add a way to revert/change the outcome of past games too, that would be a super nice feature
Answer: So yes I guess it would be nice indeed 👍


Question: we have had an instance of 6v6 that didnt start even though every players were picked
Answer: did you by chance change the queue name after some people had queued?


Question: Got a question also about the total games count, if people votes disable mmr, will it count as a game played ? I would have eventually just disable this mmr vote and only make a count game indicator with the /leaderboard.
Answer: currently no stats count, but i think changing to just not count mmr is better


Question: did you by chance change the queue name after some people had queued?
Answer: Yeah I think it was the case


Question: currently no stats count, but i think changing to just not count mmr is better
Answer: Yeah if I asked for that, it's because atm, i'm doing a level system with numbers of game played, but sometimes people don't vote for the enable/disable mmr so game doesn't count.


Question: Yeah if I asked for that, it's because atm, i'm doing a level system with numbers of game played, but sometimes people don't vote for the enable/disable mmr so game doesn't count.
Answer: gotcha, yea i’ll switch it to always count stats, and i’ll look into disabling the mmr system


Question: Hello! I'm currently trying to use the bot but unfortunately every time I'm trying to add a Queue name it's giving me this
Answer: give it another try now!


Question: <@145305657237700608> thank you for all the active support man. And updates
Answer: no prob and thanks!


Question: Hi <@!145305657237700608> with /addplayer, can I add something I can type, not a player ?
Answer: not rn at least, it needs to be a member in your discord


Question: the order changed on you?
Answer: yeah it changed


Question: also <@!297040314898841601> just added 2 new commands, /forcestart and /forcestartsize
Answer: ok so I can forcestart at 9/10 if a gk is missing


Question: 
Answer: what about in pic above the teams have a different name


Question: just added a message, probably should have one always
Answer: so how do i set a custom message


Question: hi! you can’t change the prefix since it’s a discord slash command, different than the old commands
Answer: no problem. fixed it. Another quesiton though, how do i skip the voice channel queue system and go straight to picking teams


Question: np 🙂
Answer: also just so you know, the description for this command is incorrect i think


Question: hello people
Answer: hey! for the queue to team option, theres no option to say whether or not its for mmr


Question: true, it’s gonna always be on for that mode
Answer: thanks


Question: do i need to have a queue filled to have voting for captains? i'm trying to test it in my private server before i implement it in a main server
Answer: a queue needs to be filled yes, also it needs more than 2 people i believe


Question: is there a way to make it so only certain roles can use the bot in the channel? I'm trying to have different queues for low elo and high elo players. I'm trying to have it so that only high elo people can join the high elo queue and low elo can join the low elo queue
Answer: not currently, you can make mmr requirements for the queue but that requires you to manually set MMR at the beginning. Best advice would be to lock the channels by role


Question: not currently, you can make mmr requirements for the queue but that requires you to manually set MMR at the beginning. Best advice would be to lock the channels by role
Answer: What command do I use to have a minimum mmr to queue for a specific queue


Question: Few quick questions first does this bot let you select your own team 1 by 1 so for example you are playing a 3v3 and team 1 picks then team 2 picks and back and forth.  Also can you set roles when a user get a certain amount of elo for example when they hit 100 elo the get a role called diamond.
Answer: yes! thats the captain selection mode. By default its a snake draft, but you can make it straight with /drafttype


Question: Im just looking to set up a elo bot for rainbow six 5v5 where 10 people join a que and then 2 team captains gets randomly selected then they choose 1 by 1 their team then they go into a custom game and play the game then report score if anyone could help it would be greatly apricated
Answer: thats pretty much exactly what my bot can do


Question: hey i have a bug to report. when you revert a game through the mod channel, the members of the team who were originally awarded a win receive an extra loss on their record
Answer: sounds like a dumb mistake on my end lol, not home today but i’ll try and get around to it tomorrow 🙂


Question: is it possible to have people queue up for a game, and when it fills up they can then choose their team after?
Answer: you can let people pick their team when they enter the queue, but otherwise you can’t manually pick your team after that


Question: Can anyone help me set NeatQueue  ?
Answer: sure, what’s up?


Question: hey i have a bug to report. when you revert a game through the mod channel, the members of the team who were originally awarded a win receive an extra loss on their record
Answer: finally got around to fixing this one


Question: Are you available to try joining our server to troubleshoot? We are gonna try kicking and re-inviting the bot in the meantime
Answer: i can probably later tonight, not now unfortunately


Question: We made it admin and it worked, but not quite sure thats a permanent solution for this server
Answer: makes sense since admin just has overwrites for all permissions


Question: sorry, will add it back later
Answer: cool.


Question: also can you send the formula for the mmr calulation again?
Answer: it’s actually in <#919340161286946826> now


Question: How do I fix this?
Answer: make sure that there’s no override somewhere that’s overwriting the permissions


Question: <@!145305657237700608> I can't add the bot, it says I need contact the dev to acess dis.gd/bot-verification and autorize so I can connect to my server
Answer: uh oh, that’s weird, i gotta check it out


Question: Tested the bot in a new vanila discord server (default settings), the /startqueue doesn't work. I'm doing something wrong? When I invite the bot I gave the permissions.
Answer: when you type /startqueue, you should see a little pop up from NeatQueue


Question: is there a command that gives a temporary role to people in the current queue in session?
Answer: no, but curious what the use case would be


Question: <@!145305657237700608> can you check if DM's are working? I tried to set a message and after the queue only tagged people
Answer: yea definitely broken, i’ll check it out


Question: no, but curious what the use case would be
Answer: Just to make it easier to ping them multiple times for team selection


Question: The one ping from the bot sometimes isn't enough
Answer: hmm yea that makes sense


Question: One of my friends deleted the channel with the queue by accident, and the whole leaderboard is gone, is there a way to retrieve it?
Answer: just create a new channel and name the queue the same


Question: is it possible to remove that the created voice rooms are not "private" and limited? <@!145305657237700608>
Answer: so you want the voice channels to be public and without a limit?


Question: unless there is a role I can autoassign everyone to bypass it
Answer: ./channelrestrictions disabled should get you what you want 🙂


Question: <@!145305657237700608> whats the different between the draft options snake/straight?
Answer: straight is 1-1-1-1, snake is 1-2-2-1


Question: How can i add many maps with only one command?
Answer: you need to use /map add


Question: Is there a way in which I can stop the bot from creating voice channels when the queue is full? <@&922916141221961749>
Answer: if you do /voicechannels disabled it wont create any voice channels 🙂


Question: what is "The application did not respond"?
Answer: could be a few reasons, either the bot had an error on its side, or it just took too long processing the request you made and didn’t respond in time


Question: <@!145305657237700608> this new feature you implemented, can you increase the time to join team 1 and team 2?
Answer: Put it to 60 seconds, also theres a command /menutimer (should appear soon) which controls the countdowns for all menus


Question: <@!145305657237700608> would it be possible for you to open up the stats api a bit and let's say have option to plug stats to 3rd party database :D
Answer: im down for that, bot doesnt even have any stats api yet but that would be sick


Question: <@!145305657237700608> Hey, was wondering, so, how I have it setup, is there is a Que chat, where people can join que, a Chat that is linked to Que chat where people can do the commands, and I have a waiting room call, that people has to be in. now, when que is full, I have it to auto set teams, does it auto make a call, and drag them into it, or what does it do, since I would like to know how it works before I announce it.
Answer: When the queue fills, it will create a voice channel and prompt everyone to join. If you have a /defaultchannel itll drag players from there. Once everyone joins, it will create 2 Team channels and automatically move players to their respective channels


Question: also theres no map bans, but if you have maps set then players can vote for the map
Answer: how would I set up map votes


Question: you can use /map add
Answer: perfect, thank you for the amazing support


Question: <@!145305657237700608> would it be possible for you to open up the stats api a bit and let's say have option to plug stats to 3rd party database :D
Answer: done


Question: <@!185860681537421312> i see you guys have something weird
Answer: Not sure if this is what you were looking for? (Btw, you're amazing!)


Question: The bots commands have me a little confused I wish to make a channel tat automatically puts players in their respective vc after captain selection
Answer: thats what happens by default actually


Question: is it only for me the new command is not recognized by the bot?
Answer: give it another try, mightve been registering still


Question: ah okay I tried doing /startqueue PUG's teamsize: 6 numberofteams: 2
Answer: that should be just fine


Question: Is there a video explaining like step by step how to set up this bot?>
Answer: there should be but i haven’t made one


Question: but does it delete the queue channels after everyone has left?
Answer: yup, it deletes after you vote for winners or the channel is empty


Question: do we need to requeue
Answer: run /bestof 1 to fix it


Question: we are trying nothings working. Just lmk when you get a chance to help us.
Answer: it works now


Question: appreciate the help man 👍
Answer: no prob, sorry you guys had that issue


Question: So I renamed the queue and then updated it and didnt realize it would clear the MMR. Is there a way to retrieve the old leaderboard and update the new one or is it just a lost cause?
Answer: all stats are tied to the queue name, so if you change the name back with /queuename you will get the stats back too


Question: Is there anyway to make it to where the bot automatically selects a random map from the map pool for the players to play and the players don't have to vote on random?
Answer: currently it is only via selection


Question: Hmm - is there anyway to make it where all of the map selections don’t show up and only random shows?  (Sorry to pester)
Answer: gonna have to be the same answer unfortunately, maps only work with the voting for now


Question: Is there a way to only have one queue at a time? like if one game is going on then the queue wont start till after the game is done
Answer: you can limit players from being in multiple queues at the same time, but otherwise you cant stop a queue from starting after the other finished creation


Question: can we have ranking for different channels or queues?
Answer: yup, all stats are tied to the queuename, so just call them something different


Question: How do I activate the bot after its added to my server?
Answer: ./startqueue or /setup


Question: ./startqueue or /setup
Answer: And which command removes the queue if I messed up?


Question: And which command removes the queue if I messed up?
Answer: ./endqueue


Question: or just use commands to edit it
Answer: What exactly is mmr? How can I make it where winner gets x amount of points and loser gets - x amount of points and everyone starts with 0 after they register the gamertag? Or user in the server?


Question: What exactly is mmr? How can I make it where winner gets x amount of points and loser gets - x amount of points and everyone starts with 0 after they register the gamertag? Or user in the server?
Answer: If you type /help where the bot is responding it replies with a ton of commands. I’ve used it many times it’s super useful and has a ton of info. 😁


Question: If you type /help where the bot is responding it replies with a ton of commands. I’ve used it many times it’s super useful and has a ton of info. 😁
Answer: yup thanks 🙂


Question: yup thanks 🙂
Answer: Took me a second to figure out /help as well once I found it, it made it really easy. 😃


Question: Took me a second to figure out /help as well once I found it, it made it really easy. 😃
Answer: Yeah, but what is mmr? It doesn't explain it


Question: Yeah, but what is mmr? It doesn't explain it
Answer: mmr is match making rating


Question: And also what about reporting games. This is also not in the command list
Answer: check out <#915810764277817354> and see how the reporting works


Question: it’s buttons
Answer: Can this bot automatically assign new members to roles?


Question: is there a way to make the settings locked? like everytime the queue gets full it's mmr captains 2 highest mmr captains
Answer: currently you can only lock it to automatically create teams balanced, but you can’t automate the other options


Question: Can this bot automatically assign new members to roles?
Answer: no, you will need a reaction roles bot for that


Question: is it possible to disable the rematch option?
Answer: not rn, i can add a toggle for it though


Question: if a game starts is there a way to end the current match so nobody gets the win or loss
Answer: you can enable ties with /ties, or you can revert a game using the /resultschannel if you had it set, or /selectwinner 'game_num' 0


Question: can i also give another role admin perms to the bot
Answer: the bot checks if users who type commands have manage_channels perm, so you have to give that out


Question: <@!145305657237700608> how do i disable the thing where you have to vote to join another queue
Answer: ./multiqueue True


Question: one of my guys cant ever join the queue but everyone else can
Answer: is their discord up to date?


Question: is their discord up to date?
Answer: always the easy stuff lol thanks for all your help


Question: my sever loves this bot so far
Answer: thanks! glad to hear 🙂


Question: can you show that 6616 was voted for already
Answer: like the game being completed


Question: Queue message isn't updating
Answer: screenshot?


Question: 
Answer: you have to vote for that game


Question: 😄
Answer: alright i added commands to increment stats


Question: I need someone to help me setup neatq
Answer: sure what’s up


Question: <@!145305657237700608>
Answer: when you create a queue, it is constantly running in that channel


Question: because when the queue is over, i can't be there everytime
Answer: when the queue is over it resets, it doesn’t disappear


Question: but the queue cannot be named differently each time ? And the one which is finished, stay like an historic or disappear to be replaced by the new one ?
Answer: not quite sure what you mean


Question: Its me again lol ! Can one role be used to earn same points through multiples queues in differents channels ?
Answer: one role?


Question: yeah i wanted to create 3 roles which in each players could play in 2v2, 3v3, 4v4, etc and if role 1 win in 2v2, then he wins in 3v3, points will continue to increase the same or they will be split in each queue ?
Answer: all stats are tied to the queue name, so winning in either queue (if they have the same name) will update their overall stats


Question: can we setup MMR to not lose points for those who'll lose but only add points for winners ?
Answer: it’s a two way street for the most part since the winners gain the mmr that the loser lose


Question: When I make a queue using "/setup?" can that queue with those settings be called upon at any moment or do I have to customize a queue every time I make one?
Answer: this is a common confusion, but once you create a queue it will never go away


Question: My follow up question would be can I configure a lobby to queue a certain number of people and then split them into teams?
Answer: this is the default behavior right


Question: Oh, so the queue always exists?
Answer: yea check out <#915810764277817354>


Question: Thank you so much!
Answer: no prob


Question: I'm looking at <#915810764277817354> and I'm wondering what commands I can use to setup Team selection and Captain selection for my queue
Answer: thats the default


Question: Will try again then in the setup. Thank you for the prompt help! I really like this bot
Answer: glad to hear 🙂


Question: I have a question when you have Q and need 10 players to start a lobby and when i gonna set lobby number to 2 then i gonna need 20 players to start or just 10 and every body else just gonna stay in Q
Answer: lobby number is a pretty specific setting i added for a server but it allows you to create multiple lobbies from a single filled queue


Question: I've a got another issue with this screenshot to show you this => i've setup 0 starting MMR for 2 discord roles but when i check my stats i've 1000 whatever i did and i've the Kotsu role on the screenshot
Answer: remove the everyone starting role


Question: Hey, MMR will be for users or can we setup it for discord roles like for exemples 3 discord roles which each one represents 1 village ?

Another question : if 2 discord roles are set with starting MMR at 0 points on a queue, and for the first game between two teams, when one of them lose, the winner will win points with MMR change even if each discord role had 0 points to begin ?
Answer: mmr is per person, not per role. While the starting mmr might be the same, that is all


Question: how to remove it ?
Answer: ./startingmmr


Question: ok it works ty ^^ but MMr per person cannot be replaced per roles then ?
Answer: nah there is no way to have stats shared between players


Question: so if you had 12 people queue, it would split them up into a 3v3 and another 3v3
Answer: Soo for example i dont need to fill all slots for every role bcs only 2 players for every role need to joint to start a gama yes?


Question: I've tried running "/startqueue" and "/setup" without configuring further settings on the latter command
Answer: do /voicechannels optional. something like that


Question: Lil question but is these info stay forever in a queue or must we setup it again and again after each queue ?
Answer: all data will persists UNTIL you run /endqueue, which deletes it from the database


Question: why the Que makes in the lobby channels
Answer: not quite sure the question


Question: everyone is getting interaction failed when voting for a winner after the bot went down
Answer: is the match from before the bot went down


Question: 13512, 13517,13519 are the three that are stuck rn
Answer: what is your server id


Question: There still bug with extra queues in voting/setup channels
Answer: every time?


Question: Oke
Answer: is it still creating queues in the setup channel?


Question: no
Answer: awesome, thanks


Question: btw, you're doing an awesome job and I really appreciate what you're doing
Answer: thanks 🙂


Question: yo idk if your still in my server but the bot stopped making its own text channels. its being super weird lol
Answer: Looks like Annexed ended the queue and restarted it which wiped your settings


Question: need to /setupchannel enabled to get the new channels again
Answer: appreciate the help again 👍


Question: 
Answer: hmmm lemme try that


Question: it's happened to a couple people it sounds like
Answer: shouldnt happen again, might be able to revert stats if you need


Question: Results can be seen but we don't want to put the contents of this yellow box on the Kew channel.
Answer: no sorry , there is no other way to see the results


Question: Hi, can we look at the leaderboard MMR with the web dashboard ? <@!145305657237700608>
Answer: currently planned but not possible yet, the dashboard is only for modifying queues


Question: So it can be choosed a captain randomly in each team ?? And what is the difference between snake and straight draft ?
Answer: https://www.rookieroad.com/football/fantasy/draft-types/


Question: Automated draft is possible here ?
Answer: automated teams are created using the balanced mode, not captains


Question: Hello good day 
We want to use Neatqueue for Valorant Pugs I want to know how can we make our own leaderboard
Answer: hi!, all stats are tied to the queue name , so anyone that plays a game in the queue will be on the /leaderboard


Question: is the ranking system resets each month ?
Answer: nope, unless you want it to


Question: how ?
Answer: ./resetstats


Question: and last question, if we do reset all stats, we don't have to recreate all queues if the queue name stay the same, right ?
Answer: correct, all queues will remain


Question: Hi, what does 2 lobbies do in that screenshot ?
Answer: queue size is 8, and it’ll create two 2v2s


Question: the command i use is /numberoflobbies
Answer: i haven’t had any issue with it


Question: Hey question : is the MMR displayed in nicknames only displayed on queues or next to each discord names too ?
Answer: any option for rating in names will actually nickname the discord users


Question: <@&899113725120892968>
Answer: not sure the question


Question: Hi <@!145305657237700608> i wanted to know if it was normal that the map name doesn't appear on finals results here :
Answer: yup, that’s normal


Question: It is possible to block all others buttons "Join" in others channels for queueing if we're already joining one with the same queue name ?
Answer: ./multiqueue False will remove players from other queues/block people from joining queues if they are already in a game


Question: Another question, is the "Show My Stats" button has a personal cooldown each time you use the button or it has a general cooldown for all users each time we use it ?
Answer: individual cooldown


Question: you have a match running? like one has the select winner buttons
Answer: nope the first match was ended


Question: either /resetstats “name” or change the queue name
Answer: what was the command to remove mmr? or did you not end up adding that in?


Question: subtract mmr*
Answer: you can use /set or /add


Question: 
Answer: you sure you dont have 3 teams lmao


Question: you sure you dont have 3 teams lmao
Answer: yeah. only 2 teams


Question: btw i keep getting an interaction failed message when i try to revert a queue
Answer: which queue num?


Question: because when i wanted to fills up in solo it was really helpfull to test
Answer: hmm i’ll add it back later today probs


Question: which queue num?
Answer: Queue#15835


Question: and im still unable to revert any games. i can only change the result to tie
Answer: i see i see, one of the players in the match has weird stats which breaks it somehow, i’ll figure it out


Question: i see i see, one of the players in the match has weird stats which breaks it somehow, i’ll figure it out
Answer: yeah the guy somehow has -4 losses 💀


Question: yeah the guy somehow has -4 losses 💀
Answer: probs cuz its like updating half the people's stats, but since it cant finish it lets you do it again...


Question: probs cuz its like updating half the people's stats, but since it cant finish it lets you do it again...
Answer: makes sense


Question: lmk if you get around to fixing it
Answer: think i found it, you mustve tried /voteforresult False a few weeks back


Question: lmk if you get around to fixing it
Answer: try it now


Question: hi
i have an annoying leaderboard issue

for some people on our server (especially for me) mmr is setting itself to 500 without admin's interference
also it shows me like 5 times in a single leaderboard for some reason

any chance of fixing it?
Answer: what is your server id?


Question: 950892446466863104
Answer: you have multiple queue channels, correct?


Question: yeah, correct
Answer: most of them have the starting MMR set to 500


Question: also as you can see I'm being shown multiple times in single leaderboard, it's kinda weird
Answer: do you have multiple people with your name in the server?


Question: also as you can see I'm being shown multiple times in single leaderboard, it's kinda weird
Answer: there was an issue I fixed a few days ago with checking /stats of other users overriding your stats, so maybe thats why


Question: there was an issue I fixed a few days ago with checking /stats of other users overriding your stats, so maybe thats why
Answer: we've just started yesterday and it shown my nickname for basically everyone when they've typed /stats, so maybe that's it


Question: we've just started yesterday and it shown my nickname for basically everyone when they've typed /stats, so maybe that's it
Answer: hmm nevermind then, lemme see


Question: is there anything we can do about leaderboard and the mmr changing itself then?
Answer: looking into it right now, ill let you know


Question: okok, tysm ❤️
Answer: im about to run a command to fix your leaderboard, let me know if it works 😄


Question: okay!
Answer: nope it broke it all i think


Question: yeah, it did
Answer: okok, you should see the old leaderboard


Question: it happened again just now
Answer: ok, the leaderboard should only have your name once


Question: ok, the leaderboard should only have your name once
Answer: yesss, it works just fine right now, tysm!


Question: can you /save your queue and give me the code?
Answer: ofc ofc


Question: can you /save your queue and give me the code?
Answer: NBNUJ


Question: NBNUJ
Answer: did it happen after a match, or after checking stats?


Question: or you can invite me idc
Answer: If it will be easier for you I can send inv


Question: ah i found it <@!282638047512756224> , you are setting the starting value for players manually i assume?
Answer: yes yes


Question: you can set different starting MMRs
Answer: yeah i know, but I was not really looking into that option


Question: you're an angel man
Answer: sorry its been so broke for u guys


Question: Yoo can we put with /ratinginname format, a space between name and ($) ?
Answer: can u give me an example?


Question: nahh
Answer: were u able to revert it at least


Question: Is there a way Neatqueue puts out a random map to play in the Each queue?
Answer: you can choose map with /map


Question: Did that thank you
Answer: did you set an /mmrceiling by chance?


Question: Also whenever a queue fills up another one starts immediately, is there a way to stop that from happening?
Answer: not really, thats the whole design of the bot so that there is no interruption in queues


Question: can we put automaticaly balanced ?
Answer: yes, /skipteamsetup


Question: I know this might sound dumb. But how do I start/complete a game with the Bot? 
Im currently testing it on a server (i disabled the voice channel part) and turned on the Test mode. So when i fill the queue it will create a chanel as it should and pings the players. Does this count as game "started" then? And if yes, how do i end the game to enter the score? and if not, how do normal players without admin commands start a game? the bot seems lovely and id love to use it but i kind of am stuck with this basic question haha
Answer: The general flow of things is this:
- Players enter the queue
- Queue fills up
- Players join Queue channel
- Players create teams
- Players vote for the winner


Question: The general flow of things is this:
- Players enter the queue
- Queue fills up
- Players join Queue channel
- Players create teams
- Players vote for the winner
Answer: okay, understood! how is the create teams/vote for winner stage then triggered?


Question: cause im stuck with this
Answer: i think you have /numberofteams set to 1?


Question: i think you have /numberofteams set to 1?
Answer: ohh okay i see!


Question: havnt looked into that yet
Answer: np, you can even test in <#915810764277817354> and see how it works


Question: actually we are ok about the fact that if i put mmrchange to 10 for example, MMR will be between 0 and 20 ?
Answer: right, the formula will distribute between 0 and 20 mmr per match  if the mmrchange is 10


Question: yeah but i was wondering because in my map list i saw this option "Map : Random"
Answer: you saw it in the map selection, right?


Question: what are `snake` and `straight` values? <a:DP_ConfusedDog:771553972804648980>
Answer: I added a bad explanation to <#919340161286946826> but see this website for the longer one


Question: <@!145305657237700608> what was the command to ping members of the current queue again?
Answer: uhhhh there is no command for that lol


Question: Snake draft is the fairest draft, but straight draft is just the simple back and forth:
Ex: Snake - Team1, Team2, Team2, Team1, Team1, Team2, etc...
Ex: Straight - Team1, Team2, Team1, Team2, etc...
Answer: ahhh i see! got it now! thanks man! will be up and running on our server now! <a:happykitty:737199683906306088>


Question: Hey <:PES_HappyStar:832941353389654078> 
I'd like to set Captions Pick with random picked captains as a default. How can I do this?
Answer: currently you can only make balanced teams the default, if you want to do captains id have to add it


Question: currently you can only make balanced teams the default, if you want to do captains id have to add it
Answer: that would be an awesome feature! Should be add it to the <#911057745204105237>?


Question: for the second idea, how does it determine who gets picked
Answer: well this would mostly be for the captain team selection


Question: our games start with random teams after 10 people (all the players) joined the channel.

it won't let us vote for the queue type (captains, random, player pick etc.)

what may be the issue? is there any command to fix that?
Answer: it has been happening since today


Question: im making it so all queues are back to the default selection menu, sorry if you dont want that!
Answer: there's no problem with that at all. The bot is amazing and we love it! ❤️


Question: So Default Selection Menu means that we've to reconfigure if we want to skip /teamselection ?
Answer: right, if you dont want to see this


Question: <@!302105910128541696> give it a try and let me know how it goes
Answer: thanks! ill let you know how it goes


Question: <@!145305657237700608> the revert option isnt reverting peoples mmr for some reason
Answer: of course it isnt


Question: what match num
Answer: Queue#16551


Question: will people be romeved from the queue after a certain idle time?
Answer: the queue is emptied after /resettimer


Question: why do I keep getting this when the bot has perms?
Answer: could be anything, maybe check the category permissions?


Question: <@!145305657237700608> can’t Register
Answer: /requireregister, that’s the wrong command


Question: <@!145305657237700608>
 I have 1vs1 match. I want to send a notification when one person enters the queue and there is only one person left.
Answer: /auto ping can probably do that


Question: Ohh ok
Answer: combining the two right now, so you will need to re-register


Question: Hi, i've got a question. Is this possible to display number of players queuing directly on the channel name ?
Answer: ooo, thats a cool idea. you cant do it right now, but its definitely possible 😄


Question: It is still chosen by captains
Answer: i don't get it lol if it is chosen by captains where the others players will be placed ? They'll chose themselves the team ?


Question: i don't get it lol if it is chosen by captains where the others players will be placed ? They'll chose themselves the team ?
Answer: the captains chose the teams


Question: the captains chose the teams
Answer: oh ok !


Question: we tried to leave and rejoin, tried to reset it with command, nothing works
Answer: can you type /clearqueue right now


Question: yup, 2 requests per 10 minutes
Answer: there is no way to reduce this time ? Like send some dollars ? xD


Question: can you type /clearqueue right now
Answer: i did and it's acting crazy


Question: even tho noone clicks nothing
Answer: are you sure no one is clicking?


Question: tried it again, it still shows people in queue after running the command and it's acting crazy
Answer: can you /copy and give me the code?


Question: ah, kay
Answer: sounds dumb, hopefully its fixed now 🙂


Question: there is no way to reduce this time ? Like send some dollars ? xD
Answer: i wish discord worked this way lol


Question: i wish discord worked this way lol
Answer: yeah i was searching about this but discord limits it anyway


Question: when they finish joining, they still think that all the old members are in the queue
Answer: oh ok ok, ty you're amazing dude!!


Question: oh ok ok, ty you're amazing dude!!
Answer: lemme know if you run into issues, not many people use the roles feature so it doesnt get tested as much


Question: lemme know if you run into issues, not many people use the roles feature so it doesnt get tested as much
Answer: okok


Question: <@!145305657237700608> is there a way i can give people permission to use all commands without giving them admin commands to the server?
Answer: if someone has Manage Channels, they can use the Admin commands


Question: Can anyone help me set up my discord server? I'm looking to set up a queue, 2 teams/5 players each. I want two voice channels to be created, one per team. Should I change the number of lobbies setting to 2 to achieve this?
Answer: no, you would want 1 lobby for that. '/startqueue "Name" 5' should be all you need


Question: no, you would want 1 lobby for that. '/startqueue "Name" 5' should be all you need
Answer: Thank you!


Question: Thank you!
Answer: np 🙂


Question: np 🙂
Answer: So I just force started my queue with 3 of us in the queue, it created only 1 VC. I'm hoping to have 2 voice channel split between the two teams. Will it create two only when the queue is full with 10 players?


Question: So I just force started my queue with 3 of us in the queue, it created only 1 VC. I'm hoping to have 2 voice channel split between the two teams. Will it create two only when the queue is full with 10 players?
Answer: the bot creates 1 Queue channel which everyone must join, then splits the players into two new Team voice channels


Question: the bot creates 1 Queue channel which everyone must join, then splits the players into two new Team voice channels
Answer: I apologize for my ignorance, so to clear, so when the queue is started after 10 players have joined, a single Voice channel is created for all 10 players to join, then once they join, the 10 players are split into 2 team of 5, with an additional 2 voice channels being created?


Question: I apologize for my ignorance, so to clear, so when the queue is started after 10 players have joined, a single Voice channel is created for all 10 players to join, then once they join, the 10 players are split into 2 team of 5, with an additional 2 voice channels being created?
Answer: yup exactly, you can actually test it yourself with /test


Question: yup exactly, you can actually test it yourself with /test
Answer: ahhh, awesome. Is there a way to change what voting options there are?


Question: you can either use the entire menu, or shortcut to a single option with /teamselection
Answer: any way to select between multiple options? As an example, i'd like my players to be able to vote between captains or balanced


Question: any way to select between multiple options? As an example, i'd like my players to be able to vote between captains or balanced
Answer: not currently no, its either all or nothing really


Question: cant select a winner through admin channel OR select winner command after using /player sub
Answer: the winner message is still there, right?


Question: is there a way to make it so that only admins can vote for winners?
Answer: nah players can still choose the winner always


Question: R6 Za server it’s not me it’s a friend who is saying that
Answer: so its not everyone?


Question: Wait not working for me
Answer: try now


Question: hi!
we've just created a new queue (with new name, so there are no old stats) and players without admin role can't use /leaderboard command, it was never an issue b4, is there something we have to do or is it an bot's issue?
Answer: Have u enabled stats?


Question: Put the ShowMyStats button
Answer: showmystats button is clickable and they can do that


Question: Have u enabled stats?
Answer: i've used /link command on stats channel


Question: noone expect admins
Answer: still not working?


Question: also it happens in random queue
Answer: it happens only after you vote that teams are not valid


Question: what do you mean
Answer: instead of 1 man per position


Question: so for now its better to not use it, right>?
Answer: just fixed it, give the random option try again pls 😄


Question: just fixed it, give the random option try again pls 😄
Answer: okok, we'll try it


Question: im not understanding the new mmr system bro 💀
Answer: the first 10 games have a decreasing multiplier


Question: whats the parameters for that?
Answer: <#919340161286946826> it’s the middle part of the equation


Question: instead of just the one guy specified in the command
Answer: did you specify the queue number?


Question: did you specify the queue number?
Answer: yeah i specified it


Question: hey! 
is there a way to substitude someone form a match with someone else after the game has been completed? so the stats get attributed to the right person
Answer: not currently, also why would you want to change the player who is in the match if they didn’t actually play?


Question: What are the huge features coming in later ? <@!145305657237700608>
Answer: nothing crazy yet, the first thing i want is to disable commands for people without perms


Question: not currently, also why would you want to change the player who is in the match if they didn’t actually play?
Answer: no so the situation is:
a game has been generated. one of the people isnt there but a quick sub is organsied who plays instead but no admin is there to use the sub command. after the game to correct the stats the admins now want to change it


Question: no so the situation is:
a game has been generated. one of the people isnt there but a quick sub is organsied who plays instead but no admin is there to use the sub command. after the game to correct the stats the admins now want to change it
Answer: i can make it so players can sub THEMSELVES out


Question: i can make it so players can sub THEMSELVES out
Answer: ohh yeah that would be nice too


Question: ohh yeah that would be nice too
Answer: you can use any of the /set commands


Question: you can use any of the /set commands
Answer: oh thanks! apparently i missed that you can set wins with that too


Question: the / cmd doesnt work in my server
Answer: Commands should be back


Question: but where i can to check full commands list?
Answer: ./help has them, also the dashboard is back up as well


Question: when people join to queue it doesn't add them on our server, it seems a little bugged
Answer: i did the update late last night, so things might be a bit strange


Question: so maybe you just need to /clearqueue
Answer: I'll try


Question: it did not
Answer: what happens now?


Question: what determines the amount of rr you get from win/loss?
Answer: <#919340161286946826>


Question: the offline kick is actually disabled right now
Answer: Ah okay thanks! Nice to know!


Question: Hello guys, ready good bot, where i can to send vouch?
Answer: vouch?


Question: With this bot, is it possible to lock team size/amount of teams to the channel it is created in, and only allow one queue at a time **per channel?
Answer: a queue is created with a specified team size and number of teams, so yes


Question: That all seems ideal for what I'm looking for, but I meant is it possible to skip all configuration of a user choosing team size? I.e. can I make it to where a user with a specific role does something like /startqueue and the queue starts and bot sets the user cap determined by the channel the queue was started in
Answer: the way it works is that an admin starts a queue, and then it runs forever


Question: What exactly does /link between two channels do? Is it supposed to direct messages to that channel instead of the breakaway channels? I'm able to link two channels but notice no difference in outcomes. I'm also not sure if the dashboard is broken or if it's an issue with my PC, but changes don't save and I can't select things from dropdown menus
Answer: when you type /stats and /leaderboard, it requires a queue running the channel


Question: How to make the bot stop sending queues In the channel
Answer: like end all queues?


Question: What happens if a que is not posting
Answer: what do you mean?


Question: did you start the queue?
Answer: How?


Question: yea i should probs just disable the website
Answer: It’s not to bad some areas are buggy but yeah it’s fine


Question: <@!789488988179398677> did everything come up?
Answer: It did


Question: It did
Answer: To easy do you need help with anything else?


Question: 
Answer: That’s very odd


Question: Why mee 😂😂
Answer: Lucky ig


Question: 
Answer: Fixed thanks you


Question: How do i stop the bot spamming the que?
Answer: spamming?


Question: that is by design, otherwise the queue message gets lost
Answer: So it cannot be stopped?


Question: Sure go ahead
Answer: Go ahead viz


Question: I'm looking through FAQ to see if they are answered there first. But the most important one to me currently is getting it setup to where captains pick their teammates. We used snake pick in the past.
Answer: by default the players pick how they want teams picked, either Balanced, Captains, Random, Players Choose, or Unfair


Question: Okay, thanks.
Answer: https://discord.com/channels/505102060119916545/910981294937210930/922743163695808543


Question: Hi I need help with neat queue
Answer: What with exactly homie?


Question: / resultschannel set
Answer: that’s wrong


Question: Is there a command that can change what all players start with on MMR?
Answer: yes, /startingmmr


Question: oh thats weird
Answer: I've been having issues with discord itself. I can't even scroll through commands in my test server, so I'm looking through it on the server I'm planning on using it for


Question: If ties were turned off maybe a week or two ago any idea why it’s still affecting win rate? Option to vote tie isn’t there so i’m not sure how i’m getting ties.
Answer: ties still happen if the /cleanuptimer ended and it deleted the match cuz it wasn’t voted upon


Question: Ok
Answer: actually shouldnt be too bad to add


Question: 🥹🥹
Answer: <#910981294937210930>


Question: So does a mod just input that command once teams reach 4v4?
Answer: hmm currently it resets the queue with that command


Question: Yo <@145305657237700608> /staffchannel can be used in multiples channels or it is associated only for one channel ?
Answer: ./staffchannel is set for all queues


Question: ./staffchannel is set for all queues
Answer: yeah i know that but i mean can we send results on multiples channels for the same queuename ?


Question: hmm currently it resets the queue with that command
Answer: So once we have our team of 4 we should use the command to stop it from auto picking without having to delete the draft basically?


Question: Last question can we setup /resultschannel in differents channels or there is only 1 channel for all queues with the same queuename ?
Answer: resultschannel is per queue


Question: I feel like I'm such a bothersome person lol but it would actually help a lot for my server as we keep on getting it back to being active for games. The only reason it stopped was when Elo Bot stopped allowing registrations & we couldn't register for more users. But with this bot, games are going to start becoming more frequent, more people playing means we will have even more queus
Answer: what is the need to be monitoring the staff channel?


Question: can i suggest to have the option to put staffchannel per queue like resultchannel or it is definitely not possible ? Because for those who prefer to keep just one queuename for all differents possibles gamemodes for some discord, it would be greatly usefull for moderate it imo...
Answer: alright alright


Question: that doesnt make sense
Answer: Agreed, people queue to play not be kicked from the queue if not picked.


Question: Agreed, people queue to play not be kicked from the queue if not picked.
Answer: i added it, wouldnt suggest using it though lol


Question: let me know how the staffchannels go
Answer: Works very well tysm man


Question: still doesn't working
Answer: try now


Question: try now
Answer: I’ve cleared the queue and it seems to work 0/7 appeared


Question: maybe a serverstats command could be cool
Answer: That would be great, I rely a lot on that information lol


Question: That would be great, I rely a lot on that information lol
Answer: i just added /serverstats, should appear shortly


Question: <@145305657237700608> can u give me panel bot neatqueue
Answer: huh?


Question: huh?
Answer: i want website bot <@857633321064595466>


Question: not sure what you mean
Answer: I believe he is asking for a dashboard


Question: gotcha thanks
Answer: oh, you can also /save your 6mans channel


Question: Well, one of my admin deleted a vote as we’ve already had issues with our lovely community voting the wrong winners. (Toxic and idiots) is there a way to score a game where the vote was deleted?
Answer: what do you mean deleted a vote?


Question: what do you mean deleted a vote?
Answer: Voting for the winner, admin deleted it because people weren’t being honest with voting


Question: Yeah, that's what I was wondering. We'll have to add manually it seems since the voting message is deleted
Answer: if you wait i can add a fix later


Question: So what do I do?
Answer: i’ll add a way to change a players total games


Question: Hi I need help with Neat Queue our first server got hacked so we need something set up again
Answer: what with specifically?


Question: What commands are disabled if a user who has already started a match presses JoinQueue?
Answer: there aren’t any commands that are disabled


Question: So what do I do?
Answer: oh wait you already can lol, /set games


Question: what with specifically?
Answer: Hi I have to go now but I need help with setting up the leaderboard in the 1v1 channel


Question: Hi I have to go now but I need help with setting up the leaderboard in the 1v1 channel
Answer: alright let me know


Question: oh wait you already can lol, /set games
Answer: So /set to change players games and add win Is to change win rate?


Question: I need you to make it where the role Head Moderator Moderator Admin and Owner can see the queues even if they aren’t in it and the leaderboard
Answer: That's a permissions thing. You can set their actual permissions to being able to see pretty much everything.


Question: How do you set the timer of when the queue resets again?
Answer: ./resettimer


Question: Yeahh, need the random maps only. How nice do I have to be? XD lol
Answer: its actually added, just waiting for the command to be registered 😄


Question: np, its /map selection
Answer: Thanks so much


Question: assuming it was captains, should be good now
Answer: cool cool


Question: Is there a command to make the amount of time a captain has to pick longer?
Answer: ./menutimer


Question: <@964533843682000946> what do you need help with.
Answer: I can't activate the <@857633321064595466> bot it's hard can u join my server and help me


Question: What do you need to do in the dashboard?
Answer: to see if there is any other options available that are not in the commands 
and this page was opening before why did it stop


Question: the dashboard is disabled for now unfortunately
Answer: ah alright ty for the fast response


Question: so like when the queue wasnt empty it would be like
Answer: Yeah but how would you do this with only 2 refresh per 10 min ?


Question: what about if there was a feature to show if the channel has anybody in the queue, instead of the number of players?
Answer: Wdum?


Question: <@!145305657237700608> if Discord API authorize only 2 channel edits per 10 min it is like 1 channel edit every 5 min so ?
Answer: it edits the channel asap


Question: it works in any channel that has the message to select a winner
Answer: hmm okay it didnt work just now


Question: kinda a sideeffect of how i implemented things cuz the actual match isnt put in the database until that team message pops up
Answer: makes sense!


Question: tell me when i can retry
Answer: should work now


Question: <@145305657237700608> does the admin role command allow people to add and remove players from queue
Answer: uhhhhh no


Question: I dont get the point about anticheat commands if MMR is already reduced when a player abuse playing against a lower player ?
Answer: Wdum)


Question: Another question, can you delete the previous queue automatically when we load another queue in the same channel ? Because actually, the previous one has to be delete manually. It will be better if the loaded queue replace directly the previous one.
Answer: queues are deleted automatically after the /cleanuptimer


Question: with autoroles command, is the new role replace the previous one or both still there ?
Answer: depends how you set it up


Question: no
Answer: oh no x)


Question: depends how you set it up
Answer: i've set ip up with /autoroles command and balanced by MMR ?


Question: if you have the boundaries line up where there is no overlap, the roles will be removed/added correctly
Answer: like i did so it should be good ?


Question: and maybe resetstats should remove assigned roles
Answer: maybe or sure ? xD


Question: is that possible to suggest it <@145305657237700608> ?
Answer: sure you can


Question: Is it possible to have captains submit score at the end of the game rather then vote
Answer: not currently


Question: Ensure that players in the queue do not join a new queue.
Answer: ./multiqueue False


Question: because the issue i have rn is after a game is finished people queue into the next game, and sometimes they forget to vote for score
Answer: if you also set /multiqueue False, it wont let the players requeue until they vote


Question: Default channels for what?
Answer: - /defaultchannel channel: command sets 1 channel that i choose as a default channel right, now i was wondering if i can add more channels so players who are in the queue can be picked from other channels in the server whenever the team size is complete


Question: Default channels for what?
Answer: To move players from/ into


Question: I’m running into an issue with my group. They are very points driven & I know you can set the amount to a set win/lose amount. I have players that have played way more games and have a higher win/loss ratio. Like this guy, he’s played so many games and won more than half of his games by a lot.
Answer: what’s the issue?


Question: Your suggestion has been submitted to the server staff for review!
Answer: <@145305657237700608> this suggestion hasn't been planned yet ?


Question: everyone goes to the same place
Answer: Would it be possible in the future to set something like, dropping the players back to where they got picked from and be able to set multiple default channels? Or get players from multiple channels and drop back to  one channel after that?


Question: technically its possible to just grab the required players from all voice channels
Answer: yea, the problem for us is that people q and if the q takes longer they start playing or chatting, etc.  and some other people q and join the same voice channel (default channel) and it starts to get noisy and messy with everyone talking and doing something different at the same time if you know what i mean, so it would be a great solution for us if you consider it as a suggestion


Question: is there a command for a player to replace someone in a match if they cant make it
Answer: ./player sub is for admins, players can use /substitute as wel


Question: We're gonna try with a Q with no role to see if it works
Answer: if you are looking to test, use /test and itll let you join multiple times


Question: if you are looking to test, use /test and itll let you join multiple times
Answer: We'll try tht then


Question: something i need to work on
Answer: Then can you teach me? I'm with some doubts, I did setup, in case I'm in doubt with mmr, what is this? Is it something from the game like lol?


Question: looks like my server host is getting blocked by discord
Answer: Can you fix it or not haha


Question: Any idea why this is an issue?
Answer: Is it still happening to him?


Question: Yes, sorry. Trying to deal with tournament teams
Answer: usually it’s an outdated discord version


Question: It's already updated, he didn't need one & still having the issue. I'll have him delete & reinstall the app real quick to see if that fixes it <@145305657237700608>
Answer: have them try on the pc app or discord web if they can


Question: It's still not working, even from a different browser. He left & rejoined the server, too <@145305657237700608>
Answer: i’ll be home in a few hours and i can try to help them out


Question: It's still not working, even from a different browser. He left & rejoined the server, too <@145305657237700608>
Answer: Did he try with the application instead of through a browser ?


Question: also /link is broke
Answer: Yep I noticed that, thought it was on my side only so didn't bother to tell you


Question: so it’s broke
Answer: You might fix it soon ?


Question: how do i continue a queue in another channel?
Answer: What do you mean ?


Question: is the bot working correctly?
we're being moved in and out of the generated vcs back to the defaultchannel🥲
Answer: what do you mean?


Question: how to put the level in the nick? For example:
[5] Rextilindro
Answer: ./ratinginname


Question: how to put the level in the nick? For example:
[5] Rextilindro
Answer: Tbf it would be easier if you just nicknamed yourself with the level


Question: <@145305657237700608> I made you 2 donations of 5€. I don't know if your receipt.
Answer: appreciate it a ton ❤️


Question: If you wanna check which map he has in his list already you can check with /info (page 6 I think)
Answer: wdym “he has in his list”


Question: <@145305657237700608>  So I am using this autorole role for a bracket system in my server, so if a person fall below the minimum rating, will his current auto role be removed?
Answer: Should do


Question: <@145305657237700608>  So I am using this autorole role for a bracket system in my server, so if a person fall below the minimum rating, will his current auto role be removed?
Answer: If you set it up correctly and he fall below, bot will remove his auto role yes


Question: so its not a feature yet?
Answer: Yes it is a feature, depending on how you set it up or if done correctly then it should take and give roles accordingly


Question: Hi <@145305657237700608> whats the point for /mmrvariance command ?
Answer: This is mainly to minimize the loss/gain when you should win/lose because by default it's at 800 :
- increase that number to minimize the loss/gain 
- reduce that number to increase the loss/gain


Question: if you kept it at default (50) then in the first case the 1000mmr player will win less than 50 mmr so 35 but if you increase the variance it could be 30 instead, in the second case with a basic variance we can say he'll lose 65 but if you increase the variance he'll lose 60 (this is not the math, just pure explanation) variance increased minimize the number of points that are affected by the fact "he should win/lose"
Answer: at default its 50 or 800 ? lol


Question: does the bot take the role away?
Answer: You need to set up the rules for removing/adding role into the queue you want the role to be removed/added


Question: You need to set up the rules for removing/adding role into the queue you want the role to be removed/added
Answer: is this enough?


Question: is this enough?
Answer: yea that’s good


Question: i think the issue might be with the database running slow
Answer: So just need to wait it out?


Question: when i save and load it also saves default mmr change and starting mmr right?
Answer: I assume it does but you can check it's third page


Question: will i get my progress and configs back?
Answer: It won't be removed dw


Question: like when leaderboard resets monthly and you have to vote?
Answer: Vote for what?


Question: But is being funky again lol
Answer: whats it doing


Question: seems to work for me
Answer: IT just keeps saying this que dont exist in this server


Question: That que happend rougly 3 hours ago
Answer: right, i restored a backup from 2am


Question: right, i restored a backup from 2am
Answer: 2 AM from your hour which means 8PM for us ?


Question: 2 AM from your hour which means 8PM for us ?
Answer: i think thats 8Am for you


Question: 2 AM from your hour which means 8PM for us ?
Answer: Gmt +8?


Question: Is there any way where people could join team channels to spectate
Answer: We found a way to do that but you need to trust people you wanna give this perm


Question: you can disable the channel restrictions totally
Answer: yeah but that mean anyone could join the voicechat then ?


Question: not sure what you are saying
Answer: I think it's about mmr variance


Question: and is there a feature for auto roles based on leaderboard placing?
Answer: https://discord.com/channels/505102060119916545/954499196629692486/973771533430427678 not right now but it is planned


Question: I used 6 game roles and then I set the teamsize to 5, so I couldn't interact anymore, can't I make the team size smaller than the game roles?
Answer: currently the team size auto adjusts to match the number of roles


Question: Is there a way to create 6 roles, with only 1 player in each team?
Answer: roles are the same for each team, what are you trying to do?


Question: currently the team size auto adjusts to match the number of roles
Answer: Oh, I didn't know


Question: the bot would’ve just chopped it down to 2 roles then
Answer: No, he didn't cut


Question: can’t think of a reason for players to create their own queues
Answer: it's because some admins may be sleeping, at this time without admin to take care of everyone to create a queue, players would be waiting until another day to play


Question: the queues don’t end though
Answer: I had forgotten about that thanks


Question: toggles if new channels have any restrictions to join
Answer: this constraint does what exactly?


Question: #2 should have just been fixed
Answer: ^^^^


Question: Oki, 

To inform you, we used this command a few hours ago and it seemed to be off. Is there a way to remove wins/MMR from the player who was gifted the MMR?

Also, I will utilize /set, but /add having another input would be amazing

Thank you once again for the bot and the speedy responses!
Answer: ./add should have an optional argument for the amount


Question: i meant like legit 5 mins ago lol
Answer: Oh that's crazy, good to hear thought!


Question: ./add should have an optional argument for the amount
Answer: Awesome, thank you! You're super fast with the edits! :)


Question: Hello once more,
 
Is there an option to allow Captains to choose what maps to ban, versus simply allowing the entire lobby to vote on a map? Typically in R6 10Mans servers, each team captain (after teams have been formed/picked) will ban a map from the pool until 1 remains. Something along this format

- Captain 1 and Captain 2's teams are formed
- System randomly assigns Captain 1 the option to ban a map first, from the 7 available [A, B, C, D, E, F, G]
- Captain 1 bans A:
- Captain 2 bans B:
- Captain 1 bans C:
- Captain 2 bans D:
- Captain 1 bans E:
- Captain 2 bans F:
- **G is decider**

In most R6 systems as well, they allow the Captain who __did not__ ban the last map to also pick which side they want, whether that be Defend first or Attack first.
Thus, in this scenario:
----
...
- Captain 2 bans F:
- **G is decider**
- Captain 1 picks DEF, Captain 2 is left with ATK
Answer: there is currently no map ban system


Question: cleanuptimer will auto close a match after the timer, the timer only starts once teams are created
Answer: does it close the private queue? I can still see


Question: what do you mean close the private queue?
Answer: Closing the team room, along with the call, I only saw the call disappearing, the team chat continued


Question: cleanuptimer will auto close a match after the timer, the timer only starts once teams are created
Answer: if you put 10 seconds, will the created match be 10 seconds duration?


Question: it should delete all the channels
Answer: I got it, thanks man


Question: Does the "Draft snake or straight" command serve to catch a character in the game?
Answer: https://docs.neatqueue.com/#/?id=draft-type


Question: https://docs.neatqueue.com/#/?id=draft-type
Answer: I didn't understand the description :(


Question: it explains them more
Answer: I also looked and didn't understand, it seems to be a pick to get character, but how does the command work in the room?


Question: it effects the captain selection
Answer: like change the leader every game?


Question: <@145305657237700608> isn’t there multiple ways a draft can happen?
Answer: no, its only from captain selection


Question: Can you /save the config and post it here
Answer: JKMLU


Question: 
Answer: If I try to put one player on each team, it won't


Question: If I try to put one player on each team, it won't
Answer: You’ve lost me


Question: what do you mean
Answer: I tried to put 1 player on each team, but he got 2 players on each team instead of putting only 1


Question: 2 teams of size 3 = 6 Queue
Answer: Why doesn't a team 1 and team 2 appear?


Question: <#915812487826382930>
Answer: You are an angel, thank you man


Question: forgot about that, only players can cancel a match at any point
Answer: Just to make things clear, only player involved in the current match can cancel it even though it's still setting things up ?


Question: Can you make a command or something that allows admins to let players off the mmr decay
Answer: sure


Question: The "register" command asks for a link, what is this link for? I can see this link being from the staff?
Answer: https://docs.neatqueue.com/#/?id=game-integrationsaccount-registering


Question: Registering an account will set your MMR to the respective games MMR, if you do not already have an MMR
Answer: If there is no game I play, then the registry would not work? From what I've seen it only has 4 game with support


Question: sure
Answer: Thanks


Question: just need some help getting the starting MMR to work and the voting number
Answer: are you wanting players to register their MMR from their R6 account


Question: How does this "lobbychannel return" command work? tested but did not return to my team's voice channel
Answer: Set it up and then chose what voice channel you want it to drag everyone in the queue back to once teams are voted for.


Question: Set it up and then chose what voice channel you want it to drag everyone in the queue back to once teams are voted for.
Answer: For me it only shows enabled and disabled, it doesn't show which channel they should return to, with the lobby set I was able to, but this one doesn't return the player to the voice channel that was


Question: How does this "lobbychannel return" command work? tested but did not return to my team's voice channel
Answer: ./lobbychannel return will return players to the voice channel they were pulled from before the match started


Question: ./lobbychannel return will return players to the voice channel they were pulled from before the match started
Answer: I don't know if it's because when the winner is defined, the team's voice channel is turned off, does that mean that when the winner is announced, we should go to that voice channel?


Question: when the winner is selected, players will be moved back to their original voice channel
Answer: If so, would I go back to that voice channel?


Question: So your original voice channel before you got dragged into the queue call it would take you back to that one. That’s what neat means <@806178698176626754>
Answer: Got it, thank you very much vahnala and NeatZ


Question: The command "lobbydetails set" I can put any message? I saw HOST, QUEUENUM, PASSWORD, do these three generate an automatic message or is it just an example?
Answer: Yes, here is in depth details https://docs.neatqueue.com/#/?id=lobby-details


Question: Yes, here is in depth details https://docs.neatqueue.com/#/?id=lobby-details
Answer: I read and didn't quite understand these three substitutions


Question: Do you care if they have games added
Answer: Well, I suppose I do care if I was asking. And my server wants to remove them since said members were banned for their actions


Question: Is it possible to edit roles permission for the bot generated voice channels?
For example 
Role SPECTATOR: always muted (if not in the current game/Queue)
Answer: not currently, its much simpler


Question: what is the code for
Answer: Like the code to join the private game


Question: Is there any way to make the lobbies that are created by a queue visable to everyone but only joinable by those in game?
Answer: /role requirement


Question: Is there any way to make the lobbies that are created by a queue visable to everyone but only joinable by those in game?
Answer: Wait can you explain that again.


Question: The "Outcome cancel" command is not working for me, only on staff channel it works, but I need to click the button, I wanted to use the command
Answer: did you delete the match channel?


Question: or was it already deleted?
Answer: It turned off because of the cleanuptimer, do you need it open?


Question: itll be fixed when i update, the staff buttons should still work though
Answer: <a:cat_kiss:926271726772453438>


Question: 
Answer: since you need nitro to use emotes from other servers


Question: since you need nitro to use emotes from other servers
Answer: So my server has to have nitro?


Question: since the bot isnt in the Overwatch server and bots cant have nitro (i think), the bot cant use the emote
Answer: I got it, I really couldn't use the overwatch one 😦


Question: when creating a queue, can it be one general queue (regardless of teams) and is it possible to assign lets say 2 people to the queues by default?
Answer: General queue? I’m not understanding can you explain more?


Question: whats the best way to set this up for valorant customs
Answer: /setup should get you most basic settings you want


Question: The assigning 2 people to the queue by default I couldn’t answer as im not sure. <@145305657237700608>
Answer: i’m not sure what that means exactly lol


Question: The command "resetstatsall" if I put the name of the queue, does it erase statics from that queue or from the whole server?
Answer: just for that queue


Question: have you read the docs section on it?
Answer: I read but got confused by some things, does this command "ratinginname removeall" disable all MMR on the name side?


Question: what’s a function
Answer: COMMAND:
SUPPRESSOR:
SHOOTER:
TANK:
SUPPORT:
KILLER:


Question: idek if forcestart will work if not every role is full
Answer: I can't use forcestart, because no one can join the queue, a message appears in red saying that the interaction failed, after I try to join a team


Question: oh that’s a bug on my end
Answer: <:PepeHug:872506496750071848>


Question: what is your format?
Answer: have to put? I tried now to put the "$", but it didn't work very well


Question: if you want two ratings, you need the format to have two $s
Answer: Is it normal to be like this?


Question: if you want two mmrs in the name, do something like: - ($) ($)
Answer: I got it, sorry I didn't understand the command very well after reading it, thanks NeatZ my angel


Question: the "startfromvc" command is not working for me
Answer: was the voice channel empty?


Question: was the voice channel empty?
Answer: I had entered the "Vazio" voice channel, I made the command and created a chat and a two voice channels, then I put my two accounts in the respective team channel, however this error appeared where it does not appear how to define the winner, it does not work on the staff channel to decide the winner


Question: when you typed the command
Answer: 2 people, I put teamsize 1 and numberofteams 2


Question: hmmm that’s strange
Answer: When I enter the channel, it appears that it has already been deleted, this in 1 second


Question: it’s just how teams are selected
Answer: Unfair for what is it?


Question: best players vs the worst
Answer: I tried the random, but I don't understand, it still appears team1, team2 for the player to choose, random wouldn't it be like the players click join in the queue and automatically the players are mixed?


Question: since the teams are already decided
Answer: got it, thanks NeatZ


Question: huh?
Answer: I read about the command, I didn't understand what it does exactly, does it create a text channel when players will start playing? like /setup auto text chat?


Question: not a great name/description i’ll admit
Answer: like this?


Question: But I’d assume that the auto role that is attached to the mmr would even it out.
Answer: different thing completely, the bot doesn’t use mmr when creating teams


Question: so i want to add rank roles to the bot so that way when a team wins, they can earn a role if they have the amount of points for it
Answer: that would be /autoroles


Question: np
Answer: um this doesnt really show me the roles i added


Question: <@145305657237700608> how can i make it so i dont go negative in mmr
Answer: Set the mmrfloor to 0 that’s the lowest mmr a play can go


Question: I think you can only set it to one
Answer: can you explain this part


Question: is there a way to require a minimum of 5 votes for a team for winner selection?
Answer: how big is the team size?


Question: <@145305657237700608> is there a way to make it so that winners gain MMR at one amount and losers lose it at a different? I.e. winners gain at 60 MMR change, losers lose at 30 MMR change
Answer: no, the calculation is the same both ways


Question: Delay the winner vote message
Answer: Thanks


Question: just specify the team names you want as a comma separated list
Answer: But specify for what? I didn't understand the goal


Question: names of teams lol
Answer: now that i got it, thanks Neatz


Question: you have to vote once a month
Answer: the last time i voted was about 2 weeks ago, and is asking for another vote, so i voted again but nothing changes


Question: oh, ok
Answer: try now


Question: try now
Answer: it worked


Question: Hi! Is there any way to restrict the /leaderboard command for admin only? Thanks ♥
Answer: not currently


Question: Just put the leaderboard in a channel and then not allow people to type in there. They can just refresh it ect
Answer: ohh thats fine!


Question: Is there a command that will stop games from automatically being tied if they aren't voted on/scored for a while. (Admins do it, we get busy with life)
Answer: thats the /cleanuptimer


Question: are there any docs for your api?
Answer: not currently, the player and server stats are publicly available though, i would be interesting in adding more too


Question: Sorry if i'm being overwhelming, but i think this has great potential in my community, i could not find any public repository of your bot where i could make pull requests (i'm not a discord bot developer but i'd be happy to help where i'm able to).
Answer: current the bot isn’t open source, might change in the future, who knows!


Question: hello again, how can i change the team names in the results? it seems when team names are changed, it changes everywhere except in this message.
Answer: i must’ve missed this part, i’ll fix it tomorrow hopefully


Question: Can you run multiple ques at once in the same channel? Say I wanna do a 5v5 and that 5v5 fills up and starts will players be able to que again or will you need to wait till the current match is over.

Is there a way to give a role once players have linked their accounts via /register ?
Answer: you can give a role when someone queues if that works?


Question: is the bot down rn?
Answer: seems to be fine


Question: seems to be fine
Answer: our voting buttons are broke


Question: our voting buttons are broke
Answer: Same issue here, I'll try creating a new channel and queue


Question: Same issue here, I'll try creating a new channel and queue
Answer: what happens?


Question: what happens?
Answer: when you finish the match it doesn't let you vote which team won


Question: Why can’t we score any games anymore?
Answer: what happens when you try?


Question: does /outcome selectwinner 30508 2 work for you?
Answer: This works


Question: This works
Answer: just hotfixed the buttons


Question: just hotfixed the buttons
Answer: Doesnt work yet


Question: the token lets me verify who the requests are coming from, and lets you verify that the webhooks are coming from me
Answer: Forgiveness, i got confused <:PepeCry2:918155150936375297>


Question: for now you have to just mention the bot for a response
Answer: What’s this for


Question: also you leaked your auth token which means anyone can pretend they are you lol
Answer: <:POGGIES:872507536245391400>


Question: also you leaked your auth token which means anyone can pretend they are you lol
Answer: can i send it to your dm?


Question: also you leaked your auth token which means anyone can pretend they are you lol
Answer: <a:spinningwhat:916560677609541653> hes lucky I don’t know wtf I am doing with that token haha


Question: <@145305657237700608> yo, is it possible that we can hide the points in the que?
Answer: hide points when


Question: hide points when
Answer: So when we picking players and in that que you can see everyones point as captain, is it possible to hide so captains dont see the points?


Question: not currently no, i figured the points are helpful for picking fair teams
Answer: It would be if the players had brains, but the players in our server dont lol


Question: or if you are a game developer
Answer: Neatz, I have contact with my game devs, does mobile play work?


Question: basically anything works
Answer: <:yes:915010011317559330>


Question: is there a way to have the bot auto drag to the queue vc?
Answer: yup that’s /lobbychannel


Question: <@145305657237700608> Is there any way to donate to you other than paypal? unfortunately I can't send my little help
Answer: well you can let me know if you have any ideas lol


Question: ran out of memory
Answer: hopefully not gonna run out of memory again but who knows


Question: well you can let me know if you have any ideas lol
Answer: Can you add a credit card option?


Question: Is there a way you can reset the MMR for everyone then one person at a time?
Answer: /reset stats all


Question: /reset stats all
Answer: thank you


Question: Not currently actually, there isn’t a way to view all teams, but i should add an admin command for that
Answer: I've never found a bot as amazing as this one, ty


Question: thank you
Answer: <a:great:879802243782701116>


Question: I've never found a bot as amazing as this one, ty
Answer: appreciate it! i’ll add that stat to the /serverstats


Question: Also <@145305657237700608> can another party see another parties members?
Answer: yea /party view


Question: how do i reste mmr?
Answer: /resetstats


Question: <@145305657237700608> do you know why when you test q and join it multiple times when the queue pops and you join the lobby call it says lobby cancelled due to inactivity?
Answer: it doesn’t recognize you joining the voice since you joined before the bot started waiting


Question: "Save" command is not working
Answer: you are right, i broke something


Question: it will randomly generate when a match starts
Answer: What do I do with this password?


Question: how do i stop the bot from making a text channel once teams are picked manually? i turned the vc channel off but the text channel keeps coming. i want to keep the queue'd teams all in the same text channel it was manually picked in
Answer: turn off /tempchannels


Question: When i do save it says application did not respond.
Answer: whats your server id?


Question: whats your server id?
Answer: 813606919914127371


Question: how are you friends?
I have a problem, could you help me?
When clicking on the queue button, it is giving this message
"'this interaction failed"
I've redone the queue, created another text channel and it's still like that.
Answer: click it again real quick?


Question: I left everything configured and left the queue closed, until the members entered discord, I gave unlock now to test and this error started
Answer: try now, i just hotfixed


Question: just one more doubt, I can't delete a party, it says the captain can't leave.
"You cannot leave party Clanzao since you are the captain!"

another thing, shouldn't the option to choose the party appear in the active /teamqueue mode?
Answer: you need to /party disband if you are the captain


Question: just one more doubt, I can't delete a party, it says the captain can't leave.
"You cannot leave party Clanzao since you are the captain!"

another thing, shouldn't the option to choose the party appear in the active /teamqueue mode?
Answer: yes unless you only have 1 team


Question: Hopefully I can get an assist
Answer: can you /save the config


Question: it’s weird but it’s just from testing
Answer: It worked, only in test mode does not work


Question: what is your requiredvotes?
Answer: majority


Question: so both people need to vote?
Answer: yes, but when a person votes, the game already decides the result, flagging the other player


Question: either way it must be flagging people who didn’t vote so i’ll check that out
Answer: It was test mode, it works again


Question: so just input hello
Answer: Okay, it worked, thanks NeatZ


Question: sure you can always create a party
Answer: And how does the disable option work?


Question: if you disable party queue, you can’t enter the queue as a party
Answer: Got it now, sorry for the mistake


Question: 
Answer: not sure, cant replicate it


Question: is there any way to change the number of teams without everyone in the queue being removed?
Answer: yup /numberofteams


Question: Hey! The party queue system doesn't seem to work when both party members try to queue the same role, it says "interaction failed"
Answer: i saw you were having issues, try again?


Question: it doesn't make a lobby now ://
Answer: actually try again plz lol


Question: it's broken again
Answer: Any idea why it broke this game ?


Question: I don't know why it keeps warning
Answer: does it happen every time?


Question: I don't know why it keeps warning
Answer: i found the bug...


Question: i found the bug...
Answer: <a:3880lit9:896197745822564394>


Question: is the bot down?
Answer: Most likely.


Question: We can’t Join qs
Answer: what happens


Question: looks like the default stats, no?
Answer: Pattern? should i delete the mmr?


Question: which looks like it did perfectly
Answer: I put mmr to the queue, if I reset the status, shouldn't people come back with mmr of 1000 for this queue?


Question: correct
Answer: So it didn't work, the player continues with the mmr that should be deleted


Question: that screenshot shows them at 1000 mmr
Answer: I have 3 queue with 1000 mmr by default, if I reset to all, then shouldn't players have 1000 mmr for each queue?


Question: to refresh them all
Answer: Did not work


Question: whats ur server id
Answer: 882830712087134308


Question: use ./ratinginname removeall
Answer: ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^


Question: idk how that is possible to happen
Answer: Do you want to test the command on my server? I can't erase


Question: whats the common to have the bot set everyone to there INGAME mmr?
Answer: like to pull their MMR from in game ?


Question: like to pull their MMR from in game ?
Answer: yessir


Question: yessir
Answer: depends, which game are you talking about?


Question: Hey there!

I have a quick question regarding the queue bot. I have been running it on my server for a while and wanted to configure it properly for once, so I went through every command there is.

Now I'm in a state where a queue can have 10/10 players, but the bot doesn't react, it neither pings all players, nor sets up a new queue, nor shuffles teams for me. On a second server of mine, it works perfectly fine. 

Does anybody know which command I used to blow everything up? If not, is there a way to reset the bot to default settings? Kicking the bot and re-adding it to the server does not work. Could this entire thing be permission related?
Answer: try it again real quick?


Question: try it again real quick?
Answer: same issue


Question: since it just increases the user limit for the new channels to include all the people with the spectator role
Answer: that sounds a bit scuffed ^^


Question: And a second question:
Is there a way to disable the /leaderboard command for average users? We don't want anyone to be able to see any sort of elo, but want the elo to do its job 😄
Answer: You can disable command usage in your server's integrations though


Question: why do you want to hide mmr?
Answer: All we need is a system that allows our audience to play the game with fairly fun and equal lobbies. We are strictly against a way for players to compete for imaginary points, but want to make use of the benefits of fairly balanced teams 😄


Question: All we need is a system that allows our audience to play the game with fairly fun and equal lobbies. We are strictly against a way for players to compete for imaginary points, but want to make use of the benefits of fairly balanced teams 😄
Answer: give it a shot /mmrchange hidden:True


Question: give it a shot /mmrchange hidden:True
Answer: I have used the command, will report back when I can prove if it works! 🙂


Question: i think I got all the places where MMR or MMR changes are visible, but let me know if I missed something 😄
Answer: Hey sorry for another question, is that feature you just shipped by any chance ripping the winner vote for the players?


Question: Alright. I must've misread something on our server. My bad. If there's a bug, I'll report back. I haven't been able to confirm if the feature works just yet.

I shall thank you a lot for the quick support <:PU_Prayge:852823912521662505>
Answer: np and sounds good <:Prayge:848738134786572348>


Question: np and sounds good <:Prayge:848738134786572348>
Answer: You're a champ, it works flawlessly 🙂


Question: i feel like i tried to get them to switch to NeatQueue at some point lol
Answer: 6Mans ZA?


Question: How can i put leaderboard into different gamemodes?
Answer: uhhh what do you mean?


Question: no but i like that idea, any suggestions?
Answer: How does some leave once it had started?


Question: pls help bot says need 1 to vote winner after changing to majority,
Answer: turn off /test mode


Question: I Create a queue and put the command "autorole" the name of the roles is "NEW", the role is 1000 mmr.
If I use the command "Set mmr" for a player and give it 1200 mmr, then use the command "Resetstats all" for the player, does it still hold the "NEW" role? because I put 1200 mmr set for it, or does it reset to 1000 mmr?
Answer: it should remove the role iirc


Question: <@145305657237700608> can you fix the player was removed from the queue Dm
Answer: is it broke?


Question: it should remove the role iirc
Answer: Is there a way to have it forever? I wanted a player to win a role and even if the queue reset he would still stay in that role with the MMR of that role


Question: is it broke?
Answer: It’s never worked we talked about this haha.


Question: errr not sure what you mean
Answer: The dm from the bot doesn’t work


Question: Just a quick Q, is the bot able to dynamically rename the channel based on how many players have checked the queue? Is there any way to visually represent the amount of users in queue if renaming the channel is not an option?
Answer: I swear there’s something like that but I’ve never used it so not sure of the command


Question: Just a quick Q, is the bot able to dynamically rename the channel based on how many players have checked the queue? Is there any way to visually represent the amount of users in queue if renaming the channel is not an option?
Answer: yes, /channelname


Question: looks like you will keep your roles
Answer: Got it, I forgot the command "startingmmr role" sorry NeatZ


Question: its on /info page 1
Answer: ^^^^


Question: Hi I have a question, is there a way to disable the requirement to join a voice channcel after the teams are made? I'm just using the bot for 1v1 purposes
Answer: yup! use /voicechannels


Question: yup! use /voicechannels
Answer: thank you so much


Question: I'm using the bot and it's literally amazing, just one issue:
when someone finishes a match and they requeue to a 1/2 queue, the mmr ratings are off. One of the players' mmr is represented as the mmr before their last game as opposed to their current mmr
Could there be a fix to this?
Answer: haven’t heard of this issue before


Question: oh like you enter queue before your match finished?
Answer: nah it’s after the match finishes, it only happens sometimes tho, not too big of a deal


Question: `/setmmr ’
Answer: <#992610856904957992>


Question: Hmmmm
Answer: try now


Question: Did you fix the MMR issue I was having and Is there a way I can set the bot to text after someone after few mins then after ever text?
Answer: which issue


Question: so you can have the same MMR from ingame to the bot
Answer: what game


Question: second part means when someone text in the channel the bot immediately respond with the Q so I asking is there a way to slow down the bot responds when that happens and the issue was linking your ingame account to the bot
Answer: its a 3 second delay also


Question: what game
Answer: RL for now


Question: could think about making it customizable
Answer: is there a way to make it customizable if not be a nice idea to do so if its possible


Question: is there a way to make it customizable if not be a nice idea to do so if its possible
Answer: yea should be able to


Question: RL for now
Answer: havent found a RL api i can use


Question: yea should be able to
Answer: whats the command for it


Question: havent found a RL api i can use
Answer: and okaie sounds good I dont mean to bug you about it if i am didnt know if the command got updated just wanted to check before trying to work on it again


Question: whats the command for it
Answer: no i mean like  thats a good idea  to add


Question: no i mean like  thats a good idea  to add
Answer: Oh myb I miss understood the text lol


Question: Bot still Down?? <@145305657237700608>
Answer: Yeah


Question: Yo, We cant q in our server.
Answer: bot is down atm


Question: Sorry for the inconvenience, not much we can do about it currently he can’t watch it 24/7.
Answer: <@778216176689348618>


Question: Oh myb I miss understood the text lol
Answer: forgot to say but its been added, /timer queuemessage


Question: he is also russian so +10 to computer skills
Answer: HAHAHAHA


Question: https://www.oracle.com/cloud/free/

I hope this ok putting in this channel, i dont mean to clutter support with this. but this is the general info
Answer: yea no worries


Question: How do I reset MMR
Answer: reset stats with /resetstats


Question: im not super familiar with swap space but i have 4gb configured but OOM killer still hits me
Answer: swap space is when u run low on memory it creates a temp file and uses that memory


Question: swap space is when u run low on memory it creates a temp file and uses that memory
Answer: i know, but it doesnt work lol


Question: hmmm maybe ill try it out
Answer: maybe try it out for the beta in case it ruins the whole bot


Question: How do I disable random team by default off I set it up but I can’t close it off now
Answer: ./teamselection


Question: yea up to 4 ocpu and 24 gbs of ram is free
Answer: its letting me crank it all the way


Question: its letting me crank it all the way
Answer: for 30 days it will


Question: yea you can do something like `/lobbydetails set "Host: HOST, Lobby Name: QUEUENUM, Lobby Password: PASSWORD8U"`
Answer: Thanks


Question: yea 1 minute the bot is exploding again
Answer: Yeah 😂


Question: <@145305657237700608> 42463
Answer: Thanks


Question: Team 1 won
Answer: try now


Question: My bot isn’t setting the starting MMR to 0 I have tried to do it multiple times
Answer: do /info and check page 3 and post the result here


Question: How
Answer: should be good now


Question: forgot to say but its been added, /timer queuemessage
Answer: okaie thank you sorry for the late respond been super busy with work streaming and other things going along ❤️


Question: Is it possible to restrict MMR to mutiple lobbies within the one que ?
Answer: example?


Question: bots unfortunately cannot use slash commands
Answer: thank you - is there a way around this? or could this possibly be included in API integration down the track?


Question: Where my bot would determine which queue based on certain parameters such as roles etc
Answer: also you can restrict queues to certain roles


Question: 
Answer: You are awesome, when does this one go live?


Question: 
Answer: Hey, if you have scope could you make it so you can remove players via the API aswell? 🙏


Question: Hey, if you have scope could you make it so you can remove players via the API aswell? 🙏
Answer: sure!


Question: the docs have a list of all the endpoints that are enabled right now
Answer: So awesome, thanks very much!


Question: Hey <@145305657237700608> - I've tried comparing a user id to the id in the queue players endpoint and it seems to be dropping the last digit of the player id, when you have time can you please check this out?
Answer: soooo I guess you were getting 19 digits? <#919709100114346076>


Question: Can you add a feature so like for certain queues you have to have mmr on.
Answer: <#910981294937210930>


Question: leaderboard?
Answer: do you know how to activate or use it?


Question: I got it <@914753310542688326> but do u know how to make it require ppl to regiater their gts before queing?
Answer: /requireign


Question: do you know how to activate or use it?
Answer: /leaderboard


Question: What does it mean when it says all inactive players will be kicked if they dont join the que channel
Answer: if you are not in the voice channel (if you make it required) the queue will kick for inactivity and clear queue) If im wrong on this feel free to correct me if you know otherwise. But thats my take and what i use it for on my server.


Question: if you are not in the voice channel (if you make it required) the queue will kick for inactivity and clear queue) If im wrong on this feel free to correct me if you know otherwise. But thats my take and what i use it for on my server.
Answer: that’s correct yea


Question: I got it <@914753310542688326> but do u know how to make it require ppl to regiater their gts before queing?
Answer: Sorry I went to bed it was late for me


Question: Yo does anyone know how to turn off when ppl have to join the vc for the bot to start the match
Answer: /voicechannels


Question: <@145305657237700608> how do i turn off the voting of winners in the que chat
Answer: disable voting for a winner with /voteforresult


Question: And how do i make it so ppl can not join que if they are already in a game
Answer: /multiqueue False


Question: How do i take away wins or mmr i know its /add to give ppl bit i cant take away
Answer: you can just add a negative number


Question: <@145305657237700608> after every game when i try to do /outcome selectwinner it says the game was cancelled
Answer: if you have voteforresult disabled, you can’t select a winner


Question: Hey <@145305657237700608> - I've tried comparing a user id to the id in the queue players endpoint and it seems to be dropping the last digit of the player id, when you have time can you please check this out?
Answer: btw you are making like 6 requests at a time 😢


Question: btw you are making like 6 requests at a time 😢
Answer: Too much? 😬


Question: oh its different channels
Answer: Is it going to cause issues if it is that constant? - I have a timed function to check the players in each channel within a category. It will also happen when I have a user click a button to join or leave as I'm using the API to put them into the correct queue


Question: i’ll add a bulk endpoint to get all the queues at once
Answer: Sounds good, I will update once you have published the changes!


Question: also send me some screenshots of what you’ve got going on, i’m interested
Answer: dm'd you 👍


Question: Hey NeatZ im having trouble setting the /autorole set ? i've entered the lowest value and highest but the bot is just thinking?
Answer: i see that it broke for you


Question: i see that it broke for you
Answer: Thanks, mentioning that there were no players, I added a user to the channel who was not an admin or bot and it seemed to work <:Dong:583567163240218626>


Question: Thanks, mentioning that there were no players, I added a user to the channel who was not an admin or bot and it seemed to work <:Dong:583567163240218626>
Answer: btw the new endpoint will be `@app.get("/api/queues/{server_id}/players")`


Question: btw the new endpoint will be `@app.get("/api/queues/{server_id}/players")`
Answer: Hey NeatZ, wasn't sure if this was live or not yet - I am getting "detail": "Not Found" for this endpoint


Question: Not a role queue?
Answer: yeah


Question: `/startqueue queuename:10 Mans teamsize:5`
Answer: He joined from forge dw haha


Question: He joined from forge dw haha
Answer: oh lmao


Question: oh lmao
Answer: First one I’ve seen join the bot discord to ask rather then our support 😂😂


Question: First one I’ve seen join the bot discord to ask rather then our support 😂😂
Answer: impressive really lol


Question: Also when the queues are created, only 1 person is able to vote 😮
Answer: Only 1 person is allowed to vote for winner?


Question: so i have rank roles 1-50 and for some reason when you reach the MMR for the 50 role it doesn't give the role. But every other role below 50 works when MMR is set. Any ideas why this is happening?
Answer: maybe /mmr ceiling is lower than 9000?


Question: maybe /mmr ceiling is lower than 9000?
Answer: I have /mmr ceiling set to 10000


Question: is that role below NeatQueue's?
Answer: No I have neatqueue at the bottom below all of the roles


Question: or do you mean do you can see there was a new message in the channel
Answer: Yes, this


Question: or do you mean do you can see there was a new message in the channel
Answer: like this


Question: Do you know how to add more people to have access to a queue ticket after somebody has made one
Answer: queue ticket?


Question: queue ticket?
Answer: yeah


Question: if you want to make sure everyone is present before starting a match, that is what /lobbychannel is used for
Answer: Ya, but lets say everyone is there and then suddenly someone has to leave, what can i do to cancel that voting timer que and bring everyone back to the queue and wait for 1 more person.


Question: yes, you can use /save
Answer: Does this work transferring to a different server?


Question: Quick question:
Is there a way this system can be integrated for elo calculation? https://trueskill.org/
Is this already in use by any chance?
Answer: hmm could be interesting to try


Question: People hate true skill in halo infinite, it's why we use neat queue.
Answer: Why is that, if I may ask? 😄


Question: Why is that, if I may ask? 😄
Answer: It rewards individual performance more than winning or losing.


Question: Right now with my 

Variance value - 5000
MMR change - 50 this is what is happening.

Highest MMR player is gaining the most  and lowest MMR player is losing the Most.
Answer: so with a variance value of 5000, basically everyone will gain right around 50 MMR


Question: So im trying to make it like this, The higher MMR players who win gain less  than the lower MMR players that win.

On the losing team, the higher MMR player loses more than the lower MMR player. Im trying to set it up like this but cant get the right number figures set up to do so.
Answer: looks like you want `/mmrchange mmr:100 loser_mmr:50 variance:10000`


Question: huh
Answer: You know how discord servers have like a channel for deleted messages?


Question: Is there a way to have 4 roles and have 1 player on each team, to make 1 versus 1?
Answer: not sure what u mean here tho


Question: <@145305657237700608> Is the status button working?
Answer: fixed


Question: not sure what u mean here tho
Answer: Having 1 versus 1, for example I choose 4 roles, and my enemy chooses to play with one of the four roles too,
1x1


Question: if its a 1v1, why do you need roles?
Answer: For me to choose a role to play, now if I put 4 roles and I put /teamsize 1, the bot puts only one role, in One vs One, it's nice to have the option to choose which role I want to take, to face my enemy


Question: doesnt matter what role you would choose, roles are only used in creating teams
Answer: in the past you could choose a role, there was a sniper/support/assassin/, I chose a sniper and my sniper friend too, now if I choose a role for the heroes, only 1 role appears and no other option, that is, I have to create 3 different channels , for a One vs One with each role different?


Question: the bot doesnt do anything with that information in a 1v1
Answer: So I should let you know in the lobby text channel, which role am I going to play?


Question: im not sure what u mean really, i havent changed anything like that
Answer: I tried with the command /forcestart, to start when each team has a player, but it still didn't work :( , I don't understand what happened


Question: i have no clue what will happen but maybe it’s what u did
Answer: It worked, thank you angel Neatz


Question: set auto_lock to false
Answer: I got it I think


Question: the queue channel name on empty/not empty seems to be partially broken for around a week after working fine, like when someone joins the queue it will update but when the queue is empty it doesn't change back
Answer: it can only update twice per a 10 minute period, is that the issue?


Question: it can only update twice per a 10 minute period, is that the issue?
Answer: it isnt


Question: thanks \:) youre the 🐐
Answer: should be fixed, you probably need to set the channel names again tho


Question: Are the leaderboards bugged currently?
Answer: looks fine, what do u see


Question: Then the next match we lose and our MMR didn't change
Answer: Another thing to add to this for you, it doesn't go show up in the /resultschannel when Admin selects a winner


Question: Another thing to add to this for you, it doesn't go show up in the /resultschannel when Admin selects a winner
Answer: it does if it wasn’t cleaned up


Question: it does if it wasn’t cleaned up
Answer: oh okay gotcha


Question: Then the next match we lose and our MMR didn't change
Answer: this is fixed, good catch though!


Question: multiqueue setting is broken
Answer: fixed


Question: How to reduce MMRs and winnings for players who commit room violations.
Answer: what is a room violation


Question: I would like to be able to change a player's MMR, for example, on a linked channel.
Answer: you can


Question: what is a room violation
Answer: against the rules


Question: Like after i click best of/whatever can it randomly generate a list instead of voting
Answer: is this something that needs to be added possibly? or is the `/map selction: Random`  bugged?


Question: so you want to give people those roles? or you want the teams to be balanced via those roles
Answer: I gave them an evuivilant MMR rating, I want 8 people 2 queue up for a 4v4, then once the captains are settled and the teams are picked I want it to show the overall score and show the odds of each team winning I thought I saw that


Question: and if I keep making changes with /save? it just keep adding on to updates I am making? Also for the captains... does it randomly select one out of the two? or is there an order <@145305657237700608>
Answer: for any captain selection mode, the lowest mmr player picks first if that’s what you mean?


Question: for any captain selection mode, the lowest mmr player picks first if that’s what you mean?
Answer: got it just making sure. and the picks are always 1-1-1-1?


Question: that depends on the /captains drafttype
Answer: okay cool, and depending on the pool can we change the draft type once the pool hits 8/8 ?


Question: okay cool, and depending on the pool can we change the draft type once the pool hits 8/8 ?
Answer: no not really, draft type is always the same, there is no vote for that


Question: last question after a team is picked and the game starts it looks like it loads up another queue, can we stop that from happening, so somebody would need to do /load #### again?
Answer: also no, the main point of NeatQueue is that queues are always running and don’t need any admin intervention


Question: with /tempchannels it will create a new text channel once the queue is filled for the team setup if that’s what you mean
Answer: this is amazing insight


Question: yup with /startingmmr
Answer: Okay, I tried to assign all of the roles to a specific mmr, but it seemed like every role was just the highest one


Question: also if you already have entered the queue, you wont get a new starting mmr
Answer: then how do multiple people from different roles join, giving the lowers mmr the first pick?


Question: i do but not right now
Answer: No worries, ideally when is a good day or time for you?


Question: How do you reset a leaderboard?
Answer: /resetstats all  queue_name:krokinik


Question: 
Answer: hmm i’ll have to check it out myself


Question: you must have
Answer: nop, I played with him, he was with me


Question: perhaps tomorrow but likely monday
Answer: Okay, hopefully I can make one of those work around your schedule.

Is there a way to assign multiple roles different MMRs so that way when teams are picked we can get a sense for the skill level of each player?


Question: 
Answer: i cant replicate this issue


Question: https://www.loom.com/share/1452b87e68c543808de0edb42fca1e12
Answer: i checked this out, I think you had this cleared up mostly?


Question: i checked this out, I think you had this cleared up mostly?
Answer: im just working out some kinks


Question: Like after i click best of/whatever can it randomly generate a list instead of voting
Answer: <#910981294937210930>


Question: <#910981294937210930>
Answer: Awesome man, I appreciate all your help and time to add things


Question: a call would be nice only if you are available
Answer: im free all day actually


Question: im free all day actually
Answer: Can we meet in 20 mins


Question: Can we meet in 20 mins
Answer: im good in like 5


Question: Can someone remind me how to add an MMR range to a role? It's been so long since I had to9 do it
Answer: ./autoroles


Question: ./autoroles
Answer: legend


Question: im good in like 5
Answer: cool just lmk


Question: make sure they arent in the system already
Answer: but if a B tier = 300 MMR joins, I dont ewant him to just automatically get S+ tier...

any ideas on how to fix tat?


Question: they wont unless they have the S+ role
Answer: I tested it and everyone automatically got S+


Question: whats the config code?
Answer: let me run a nother test really quick


Question: sure
Answer: ill join the vc again


Question: what auto roles change
Answer: so it looked like some people got the B role


Question: 3) specify the queue number
Answer: will there be a submission for that? or will it ask me after I use the command


Question: <@145305657237700608> is there a way to set a specific time out for inactivity on a queue?
Answer: Like after 60minutes of inactivity they will get kicked from queue?


Question: Like after 60minutes of inactivity they will get kicked from queue?
Answer: yeah I found it, I set it for 10 minutes


Question: 1) the auto role change thing, what could it be?
2) can I sub players from different teams? so swapping basically?
3) if I want to cancel one of 3 queues how do I select which one?

<@145305657237700608>
Answer: You can do 
/ player Sub: player1: player2:


Question: You can do 
/ player Sub: player1: player2:
Answer: doesnt work after teams are picked tho


Question: You can do 
/ player Sub: player1: player2:
Answer: /player sub: player1: player2: gamenum:


Question: doesnt work after teams are picked tho
Answer: You have to wait for the winner message to come up then you can /sub. 
- if your not an admin and are trying to sub you can only do /substitute for yourself.


Question: could u give an example
Answer: soembody with an "unranked" role joins and gets S tier... I just need to assign  starting mmr to it, but I dont know that everything should just get a basic starting mmr because they are "unranked" so wondering if they can get a starting mmr depending on who they beat or lose to


Question: also is there a way to adjust the timer for captains to select, right now its 60 seconds, then it auto picks i want it at 3 minutes
Answer: /timer vote


Question: like the winner wasnt selected?
Answer: yeah, i had to manually do it


Question: no errors on my end, you sure you didnt change the results channel
Answer: I think its just timing out


Question: Which command makes the vote last longer before timing out? or is there a way for people needing to vote before it goes away
Answer: /timer matchcleanup


Question: /timer matchcleanup
Answer: okay, also it looks like stats arent being updated. Any way to chekc on this?


Question: are you selecting winners?
Answer: they are voting themselves and I had to go manually vote for one since it timed out


Question: 
Answer: not currently


Question: not currently
Answer: Any desire to make this happen?


Question: ./votingmenu add per_team:True
Answer: I tried to ban hero, but it didn't work :(

Title: Vote to Ban an Agent

 Options: SMITH, FOX, FURY, KIM, NUKE, FROST, ROBBIE, PLAGUE, HOPPER

key:Team

button_colors:green

show_numbers:True

number_of_votes:1 

per_team:True


Question: i’ll have to check it out when i’m back
Answer: I don't know why it worked, but I turned off per team and color and order


Question: i’ll fix it to use default colors in that case
Answer: <a:cat_kiss:926271726772453438>


Question: yea every server before 1000 will get the highest level premium forever
Answer: <:POGGIES:872507536245391400>

I'm really very happy with your || I'll try to help your bot by donating a little and finding bugs||


Question: ive been refactoring the bot so that I can reload the entire bot without needing to restart, which lets me publish changes live
Answer: <:POGGIES:872507536245391400>


Question: hey guys the leaderboard for the bot stopped loading on our server , any ideas?
Answer: what are you seeing?


Question: is that just for prediction purposes?
Answer: yes, and people like to side bet in my server


Question: When people vote it often says "interaction failed"

Mind looking into it?
Answer: still?


Question: still?
Answer: I can check it later and let you know... but for now i did notice that when i have 5 different queues on a new server, it resets my MMR and sends me a notification anytime i join a new queue for the first time

am I missing a step here on why its doing that?


Question: currently that’s it
Answer: whats the new commands for prediction timers and pings?


Question: whats the new commands for prediction timers and pings?
Answer: <#954499196629692486>


Question: also what is the channel id
Answer: 982989898267111445

978937829574991922


Question: u cant disable it?
Answer: I disabled it but it keeps closing the queues, I tried unlock it didn't work either


Question: can u do the command and show the input/output
Answer: Try Unlock or Lock?


Question: "/outcome selectwinner" command has unexpected error occur. Any recommendations? Is there a setting where a single vote from an admin can determine the winner of a match for the winner vote?
Answer: i noticed you had an error, i’ll have to fix it but it’s because you reset MMR


Question: Yo <@145305657237700608>  the discord server you helped me with the queues arent working
Answer: what do u mean


Question: so what happens instead
Answer: Nothing


Question: server id again?
Answer: 882830712087134308


Question: what do you mean?
Answer: The command I can't disable, so I made it close the queue for 1 minute, then stay open the whole time


Question: what happens when you disable auto_lock
Answer: it doesn't work, the queue locks up again, even if I click false


Question: last time you ran the command, you set it to True
Answer: yesterday I was testing to configure the on/off command


Question: so thats the new premium thing, but you should have it 🤔 one min
Answer: ok all good


Question: which one of these lol
Answer: I am both Admin for Mr-Napkin and Boxule


Question: which one of these lol
Answer: Only servers I have and I am admin for are 
Mr-Napkin 
Spike (My Own Server
Boxule Community


Question: ye was just pointing out that server, I have a command that lets me find mutual servers for anyone
Answer: all good


Question: hey <@145305657237700608> the bot got messed up and is doing all the pick teams stuff etc. in the queue text channel instead of making its own
Answer: enable tempchannels with /tempchannels enable


Question: enable tempchannels with /tempchannels enable
Answer: preciate it


Question: sure i’ll join when u are ready
Answer: Can u join now?


Question: Sure whats up
Answer: Dm'd


Question: So you dont want to pick a winner?
Answer: I know it seems weird but no


Question: I know it seems weird but no
Answer: you can do /voteforresults False


Question: turn on tempchannels and it wont be possible to leave mid setup
Answer: Is it possible to make them have a delay so once they Q they can’t Re Q for a set amount of time?


Question: can you connect two queues to one leaderboard
Answer: yes but they must have the same name


Question: oh I got it you just have to set the /team thing to unfair
Answer: what is this in regard to


Question: but I did it before in my other channel and I just forgot how
Answer: <#910981294937210930>


Question: nah, mmr changes are standard to the entire queue
Answer: thanks


Question: another question, sorry. But is there any way to have a certain role always be captain?
Answer: I don’t believe so sorry.


Question: I don’t believe so sorry.
Answer: thank you


Question: I’m trying to reset the stats for all my queues but the leaderboard isn’t showing that they are all back to 0
Answer: is it showing the stats as the same?


Question: is it showing the stats as the same?
Answer: Yeah I did the stats reset and it’s not putting them back to 0


Question: hello <@145305657237700608> , is there a way to automate / forcestart or / ping functions? 

for example automatically /forcestart vote when there are 2 in the queue

for example, /ping (queue members, not a role) whenever someone new joins a queue

or /ping before /timer afk action
Answer: `/forcestartsize` has an option for auto_start, so it will auto start the vote if the conditions are within what you specified


Question: `/forcestartsize` has an option for auto_start, so it will auto start the vote if the conditions are within what you specified
Answer: damn. i missed that. thanks that could be very helpful. i'll try


Question: <@145305657237700608> doesn't seem to work. i set the minimum size at 2, and autostart true... but still no vote
Answer: actually it did work, but some 5 minutes later. expected outcome?


Question: if you right click the message the very last option would be Copy Id
Answer: how do I turn that on? And what does it do?


Question: Like 1 team of 2
Answer: you would want 2 teams of 1


Question: when a match is complete i can confirm people aren't sent back to last channel
Answer: you will need to use


Question: <@145305657237700608> how do I buy the 5 dollar one?
Answer: https://www.neatqueue.com


Question: I was looking for a simple queue system, to control the players who want to play with me in my lives. And I found this wonderful work, there are more things than I can use.

Is there any way to translate bot responses to my language? is this possible or the code does not allow for individual translation by servers.
Answer: unfortunately NeatQueue does not support any other languages, there are too many commands and informational/error messages that such an undertaking would take a ton of work. Also, NeatQueue was created before Discord supported localizations which didn't help


Question: are they all sent at once?
Answer: yes they were all sent at once


Question: yes they were all sent at once
Answer: <@145305657237700608> will look into it tomorrow as he is in bed now, please be patient and have a good rest of your night/day❤️


Question: yes they were all sent at once
Answer: was this through normal voting? or using a command to select results


Question: what’s your server name?
Answer: invited you


Question: discord is not letting the bot create more channels in your server, not sure why
Answer: thats weird


Question: there is a 500 new channels limit per server, but you probably aren’t hitting that so idk
Answer: yeah i dont think weve hit that yet lol


Question: leaderboard online page not working
Answer: Neat-Z is most likely asleep, he will be with you tomorrow (6+ hours unless he wakes up earlier) 
Please be patient ❤️


Question: leaderboard online page not working
Answer: fixed


Question: I need help with the register portion of the bot ot isnt letting people register in my server
Answer: sure whats up


Question: How do I make it so it hides whos in queue
Answer: </anonymousqueue:998281213334794445>


Question: Ok i have a list if things im struggling to figure out 

1. How to set both ingame mmr and inserver mmr to seprate roles so it seperates by in game and assigns a role for matchmaking 

2. How to setup map voting (it doesn’t shown up in my queue when we get a game )
Answer: there is no separate role mmr, but you can do /roles to specify roles for the game


Question: Hello, just some quick questions  (for cod)                      1. When 8 people join the queue and the teams are assigned, where exactly do they go? Will they automatically be placed in voice chats I have created or will they need to decide which one to go into?             2. Once a game is completed, how does the reporting work to reflect elo? Will I or a mod need to monitor this at all times and manually report?
Answer: hi!

1. (Default settings) When the queue fills up, a temporary voice channel is created so all players must join to ready up. From here, team selection will begin. After teams are created, players are automatically moved to their team channels
2. After teams are finalized, a message appears in the channel with buttons to vote for the winning team. Players should vote after the match finished. By default this is a majority vote, so you don't need a mod to monitor the results


Question: yup, `/map bans` lol
Answer: Hey, anyway to do a factory reset in some way, and start fresh, as helping my buddy out, and idk what he did XD


Question: Hey guys any idea how to remove Automatically Assign Roles from queues?
Answer: /autoroles remove


Question: <@145305657237700608> hey, we disabled voting for result as people were lying or voting before the game is done, but moderating it would be too much, but problem is, it also stops admins from receiving the vote for result to override there results, which is really annoying lol
Answer: its a majority vote so its kinda hard for a match to get wrong results, if people are voting too early you can delay the message with


Question: you can lower the voting timer
Answer: for the current game, cant seem to find a way to manually using a command decide the winner


Question: I want to add team 1 and team 2
Answer: try `/queueintoteam` and set to true


Question: you gotta explain more
Answer: I did it


Question: <@145305657237700608>  I want it random team
Answer: `/queueintoteam false`


Question: 
Answer: yea i changed the way the winner vote delay works. before it would just pop u the message later, but people would be like “where is the vote”


Question: Our bot is bugging when the queue is complete it doesn't drag us into the channel but it creates it. The bug only happened today
Answer: when the match finishes it won’t drag into the lobbychannel?


Question: 
Answer: correct, free tier is 3 channels


Question: when the match finishes it won’t drag into the lobbychannel?
Answer: no when the number of players are complete it doesn't drag everyone into the queue channel for team picking


Question: no when the number of players are complete it doesn't drag everyone into the queue channel for team picking
Answer: do you have a lobby channel set?


Question: And I want to know how to finish the game
Answer: follow what the bot says, it will show a winner message at the end


Question: ^
Answer: I did this and it shows up again


Question: you set it to the Default Menu then
Answer: I don't understand you


Question: epic
Answer: and i ask something


Question: the tournament queue is not appearing, its not live yet?
Answer: thats weird, try again?


Question: but you can change slash command permissions in the servers integrations settings
Answer: i fixed thanks


Question: https://neatqueue.com/, just login with Discord and select your server
Answer: where is server select


Question: yes you can
Answer: how can i create for second?


Question: but the player shouldnt be in the match, that would be a bug
Answer: yeah players in game


Question: any screenshots of this?
Answer: i dont have


Question: set them to 1 mmr and try
Answer: and its working thanks


Question: yup thats why
Answer: its done


Question: no prob, a lot of stuff
Answer: yeah this bot is really great


Question: yeah this bot is really great
Answer: the dev is amazing too! 🙂 Neatz appreciation day


Question: tyla got more mmr than juan cruz even tho he was higher mmr before the match, is this a bug?
Answer: depends to streaks


Question: like win streak & lose streak
Answer: its his first match


Question: its his first match
Answer: idk then


Question: also streaks are off
Answer: placements are off too?


Question: how does placements work?
Answer: multiplier for first 10 matches


Question: yea teamqueue works with parties
Answer: i want to join que with 5 player but team players is 10


Question: placements are off too?
Answer: yes, is it just a bug or some kind of mechanic?


Question: it’s a mechanic
Answer: What for tho? Lower mmr people shouldn’t get less mmr than higher mmr people for beating the same opponents


Question: since there are streaks and placement match multipliers
Answer: I have both turned off


Question: if a low mmr player is on a team that has a higher average mmr, they will gain slightly less since they likely didn’t contribute as much as they other players
Answer: can you do the things i mentioned in later updates?


Question: XYVYE
Answer: ill check it out later


Question: 
Answer: thats weird, what happens when you try to select outcome


Question: thats weird, what happens when you try to select outcome
Answer: bot told me - selected winner for #que.....


Question: thats weird two matches got the same number, the number should be unique
Answer: i know


Question: thats weird two matches got the same number, the number should be unique
Answer: how can i see their current elo?


Question: check the leaderboard or /stats
Answer: and sometimes players enter matches even if they don't join


Question: Sure
Answer: i indentified a minor issue where some players have their MMR calculated against the updated enemy team values, which cause weird differences between team members


Question: 
Answer: the only reason i can imagine this happened is you had 2 matches start very quickly


Question: the only reason i can imagine this happened is you had 2 matches start very quickly
Answer: yeah my que's really fast


Question: i indentified a minor issue where some players have their MMR calculated against the updated enemy team values, which cause weird differences between team members
Answer: Will this be patched?


Question: 
Answer: outdated message, it’s now /party not /team


Question: and 2 active que in same time
Answer: just a visual bug where the old message couldn’t get deleted


Question: how can i close predictions for game?
Answer: you can’t manually close them, it’s after 3 minutes


Question: you can disable them if that’s what you mean
Answer: i did with 0 seconds for predicts


Question: outdated message, it’s now /party not /team
Answer: Thanks! Pretty awesome btw


Question: thanks! tournaments are a super new beta feature so best of luck with it
Answer: how can a person join the other match without voting while in a match?


Question: you don’t need the winner to be selected, just that you were able to vote
Answer: i know and


Question: hmmm, perhaps two people joined to fill the last spot, and it started a match with each version
Answer: Is there any way I can prevent this?


Question: thanks! tournaments are a super new beta feature so best of luck with it
Answer: Thank you so much, I'm gonna test it today so, if I have any feedback I'll tell


Question: like it is cuz a bunch of people queue at once
Answer: once a game is over they all join the queue again


Question: I updated, hopefully should fix the duplicate queue number issue, as well as the discrepancy in MMR changes i mentioned yesterday
Answer: Wherever u update the bot, it automatically updates live time too?


Question: Wherever u update the bot, it automatically updates live time too?
Answer: sometimes I can hot-reload the entire bot and there is no downtime, othertimes the bot restarts completely which takes about 10 seconds to get back up and running


Question: sometimes I can hot-reload the entire bot and there is no downtime, othertimes the bot restarts completely which takes about 10 seconds to get back up and running
Answer: I see, thanks tho


Question: some bug about rooms
Answer: you have to reload your app


Question: 
Answer: general rule of thumb, unless the issue is happening to everyone, it’s outside of my control


Question: Can I add someone who controls the bot as well? <@145305657237700608>
Answer: `/staffrole add role:`


Question: And I want to delete all points from all
Answer: `/resetstats mmr  queue_name:`


Question: Can I add a rank when they reach a number of points?
Answer: `/autoroles`


Question: `/resetstats mmr  queue_name:`
Answer: ^ you already asked these questions brother


Question: ^ you already asked these questions brother
Answer: truly ?


Question: And I want to transfer these channels to another channel dedicated to scrambling
Answer: move the queue to that category


Question: what do you mean about specific roles?
Answer: like, I have 5 roles in my Server, i just want to make people with "Players" role to have access to play


Question: no prob, btw its a vote since queues should run without admin intervention
Answer: Yes but it asks for everyone to vote. Im just looking for a bot that auto matches teams after enough joined queue


Question: Yes but it asks for everyone to vote. Im just looking for a bot that auto matches teams after enough joined queue
Answer: its a majority vote by default, you can change this


Question: How do I end the tour <@145305657237700608>
Answer: vote for a winner or use /outcome


Question: What should I write here :<
Answer: 99385 and the team number


Question: How
Answer: /requiredvotes, but really force start should not be something you rely on


Question: /requiredvotes, but really force start should not be something you rely on
Answer: Based on what I want it for force start is what works for me


Question: thus ?
Answer: whatever the match number is


Question: idk about that anticheat rule though, it shouldnt really be an issue to play with the same people
Answer: it is actually an issue, thats called match fixing


Question: you mean like make the voting best of 3-5?
Answer: yessir my voting has best of 1 best of 3 and best of 5. I want to remove the best of 1?


Question: also i just used the command resetall stats and its still saying sending command? does it take a little?
Answer: if it just says sending it’s probably a discord issue, just retry


Question: how can i give only que ban permission for mods?
Answer: that should be the default really


Question: Hey may I ask 2 things, is there any kind of way to only allow 2 people with close elo to get paired together like if I’m 900mmr i don’t get paired into 1200
Answer: not really, everyone in the queue will be put into the same match


Question: But I see no where the explanation
Answer: true, idk where it went, one sec


Question: not really, everyone in the queue will be put into the same match
Answer: Okay, I was trying to create something like league of legends soloQ where you get matched into people of your same elo, the only workaround I found is to link queues to private rooms based on elo


Question: debatable
Answer: Djbskflsnd as a programmer myself I feel you haha


Question: Best que bot system on the market. HANDS DOWN
Answer: Totally


Question: barely anyone has used Tournament yet so I haven't had much feedback into it
Answer: If you need it we might give it a few trys


Question: And we want to use the bot for a matchmaking challenge
Answer: see i said it wouldnt be hard


Question: is there a way to allow certain players to join the room of the valorant queue even if the room is full wihtout giving them an admin role?
Answer: yup /spectatorrole


Question: can i add delay for que?
Answer: not really, matches start when the queue is full


Question: yup /spectatorrole
Answer: i did it but its not letting them join the current game is it going to affect from the next queue?


Question: yea it needs the be enabled when the voice channel is created
Answer: and if i do it 1 time it saves for every lobby or i need to do it every time after game is over


Question: Can you make more affordable prices? I mean, I'm from Brazil and these prices are really high for people from here. A lot of games changes their price around the world and I really like to use this bot but I can't use in a huge server that I've.
Answer: same for Turkey bro happens 😄


Question: I'll have to look into if there is an easy way to convert the price, I can't just do manually overrides for each currency since thats too much work
Answer: if this is possible it will be very good for me, I can't activate many systems due to limits


Question: Also, how can I set the MMR to appear on the nickname of users?
Answer: /ratinginnames


Question: And how can I choose automatically the mode that the bot will make the teams?
Answer: /teamselection


Question: ah yes the 2nd ping now
Answer: lol i’ll disable pings for that role sorry


Question: <@145305657237700608> I'm trying to make the bot change the nickname only of people with an specific role called JOGADORES. But idk why the bot is giving for everyone even that can't join the Queue
Answer: if you specify a queuename, it will modify everyone’s name to show their rating even if they haven’t queued


Question: if you only want people who have queued, don’t specify a queuename
Answer: If I remove the bot the players count will restart?


Question: If I remove the bot the players count will restart?
Answer: no, the bot doesn’t delete any data upon leaving a server


Question: i want only they can see que rooms ( when game is ready )
Answer: you can do /spectatorrole


Question: how can i reset player MMR
Answer: have you actually taken a look at the bot commands?


Question: have you actually taken a look at the bot commands?
Answer: i didnt find but i will look again docs


Question: i didnt find but i will look again docs
Answer: /resetstats


Question: /resetstats
Answer: thanks


Question: i can’t remember if it works if the player left the server
Answer: no its not working


Question: give /setup a try and check out the docs https://docs.neatqueue.com and let me know if you have any questions
Answer: more to be able to activate the bot for a specific chat which command would I use???


Question: /setup lol
Answer: Thanks


Question: hey <@145305657237700608> someone acidently deleted our queue in the server not sure how to put it back up
Answer: <@145305657237700608> Neatz We have a backup code for the queue (DMLZM) but it doesnt seem to load at all and gives error


Question: Is there a way to make it just captains and randoms as the choices?
Answer: this is possible now <#910981294937210930>


Question: this is possible now <#910981294937210930>
Answer: unreal changed it in my server there, nice


Question: you can change the /requiredvotes to be a high number though
Answer: yea but I tried to  force start certain games where this would become a problem


Question: if you have a 8 person queue and forcestart at 4 people, the required votes should be 3
Answer: oh so I would like to report this bug


Question: you can toggle the ping with /predictions role
Answer: Actually not, it just overrides itself. Also prediction points can go below 0 to the users causing bug to even gain back points from matches.


Question: yeah i had the bot working and upon testing my security bot removed it for creating a channel, when added back when a game is created no players are tagged and you cannot give the bot command such as /cancel, i have tried this is channels it was previously working in and newly created channels to see if it was potentially a cache error due to it being removed whilst in process, when i typed /cancel it says it has encountered an error and says it has been noted
Answer: what server name is this?


Question: I love videoes as a way of explaining
Answer: yea they definitely would be useful, i have it planned just haven’t done it


Question: Is possible to set a minimum time for vote?
Answer: no, only a max


Question: what server name is this?
Answer: Amateur CoD League


Question: Bit more info, If i manually go into the temp channels permission's and sync them with the permission's in the category i can vote to cancel, no names are still being tagged and auto pull stills isnt working even when specified to do so and given a voice channel to pull from and to, going to remove the security bot and see what the result is
Answer: yea that all sounds very strange


Question: no, only a max
Answer: It should be nice to have it, a lot of users from Brazil are voting before the game end xD


Question: you can do that
Answer: The party queue need to have a maximum number of players to play?


Question: i see what you mean, its just a weird use case
Answer: you think that it can be made in a feature update?


Question: if you wanna donate you can do /donate, or use the website and buy premium
Answer: I tried to buy premium but it didnt work, just can support via the donate, what I did and it was sent in aswell as anonymous 😦


Question: I tried to buy premium but it didnt work, just can support via the donate, what I did and it was sent in aswell as anonymous 😦
Answer: Nvm found the problem


Question: Report a bug
Answer: tells me that the application did not respond


Question: tells me that the application did not respond
Answer: fixed it by creating a new channel and deleting it


Question: I am still having issues with the waiting room channel🫠 this should be connected to a role in the server no?
Answer: what do you mean connected to a role?


Question: makes sense, do you guys use team queue pretty much exclusively?
Answer: yea I am trying to make scrims with other teams


Question: What does it mean by this?
placements: (Required) If there exists a multiplier for the first 10 matches for placements.
Answer: players gain/lose more mmr for their first 10 matches


Question: I also keep getting errors whenever I try to setup autoroles for scores.
Answer: what are you trying and what do you see?


Question: We set the starting mmr to 50 after 1 match everyone at either 0 mmr or 3k mmr but the loss and gain was correct (6.6+/-)  doubt it was global queue
Answer: looks fine, maybe you didn’t resetstats?


Question: 
Answer: i see the bug, i assume you have /leaderboardconfig edits Creator


Question: if you change off of that it will work for now
Answer: alright


Question: was the match cancelled or something?
Answer: nah they werent


Question: Hey, so I'm trying to run a tournament in my server, I have a few other queues that I run in there and I've unified their leaderboards using the /queuename or /rename (the documentation for those 2 commands are misleading, I accidentally deleted everyones stats like 3 times lol). Anyways, when I try to do the same method for the Tournament queue it's picking up what looks like everyone's stats in the main leaderboard from a long time ago or something. Is this a feature that doesn't work yet or am I doing something wrong?
Answer: The stats come from the queue name, so if the tournament is named something an old queue was named, the stats will appear


Question: also /rename and /queuename do the same thing? I thought one of the commands was supposed to just rename it but keep stats?
Answer: /queuename just changes the name which in turn gives different stats, /rename changes the name and keeps stats


Question: /queuename just changes the name which in turn gives different stats, /rename changes the name and keeps stats
Answer: Oh ok I think I’m just confused cause I didn’t realize you’re using the queue name as an index in your db (or I’m assuming I know nothing of the architecture of the bot) thanks for the response, I checked server stats and i realized that it was just a bug because for some reason there was a date prefixed to the queue name in the queue list and that was the actual name, /info was showing me the name I thought it was the whole time. Just a heads up


Question: Yo one of the players in my discord for some reason cant see the temp VOICE rooms the bot opens he can join the queue its moving him to team rooms but only after one of the staff moves him in the qeue room do you have any idea how to fix it?
Answer: unless they have some weird permissions issue i would imagine update/restart the client


Question: Oh ok I think I’m just confused cause I didn’t realize you’re using the queue name as an index in your db (or I’m assuming I know nothing of the architecture of the bot) thanks for the response, I checked server stats and i realized that it was just a bug because for some reason there was a date prefixed to the queue name in the queue list and that was the actual name, /info was showing me the name I thought it was the whole time. Just a heads up
Answer: yea the queue name is where the stats are stored, it’s a bit weirder if you use Monthly stats enabled cuz behind the scenes the queue name is just prefixed with the month and year


Question: unless they have some weird permissions issue i would imagine update/restart the client
Answer: wdym client like tell them to restart the discord?


Question: its not popping up for me, we chose the teams then want to ban maps but nothing pops up is there a certain commands to start map bans?
Answer: no as long as you added maps it should appear


Question: unfortunately not, currently autoroles only behaves with the strict cutoff
Answer: figured as much. I thought of having multiple Qs for each rank (and thus different role thresholds), but I don't see a way to "move" the MMR to your new rank Q when you rank up/down


Question: would be interested in adding that though
Answer: well it would certainly be a cool feature to have imo, always thought that addition by RL was pretty cool 😄


Question: unfortunately not, currently autoroles only behaves with the strict cutoff
Answer: What does the lower rating and upper rating function do?


Question: hey i made a role and made him spectator role but for somereason everytime they join the channel they get automuted is there a way to fix it?
Answer: not really, spectators are muted so they don’t interfere with the match


Question: and if someone gets captain and he doesnt want to be captain i know there is the command /party captain then you put name and then you put party
Answer: you can’t actually give up your captain spot in captainselection


Question: iirc that’s how it should be
Answer: I want to switch it the other way


Question: is there a way to plot the skill distribution of a number of players (with skill distributed normally) after a certain number of games? (say 1000)
Answer: no not really, best advice would be to use the calculator (which may or may not be in the docs)


Question: also no, not using true skill at all
Answer: may I ask what then? fairly curious 😄 (but if it's proprietary dw obviously!)


Question: https://www.desmos.com/calculator/ue5labtkpv
Answer: ohhh thanks! I've looked for it in the docs but couldn't find it :S


Question: i could simulate it, not home unfortunately and won’t be for a few days
Answer: I think it would be cool to have a tool to simulate the distribution (it should be fairly easy with hosting on huggingface spaces or something like that)


Question: Hi there! is it possibly show the leaderboard by the teams? Like when you setup a queue only for teams vs teams (5v5)
Answer: hi! unfortunately no, there is no team wide stats currently


Question: Can you help me set up a ranking system for cod
Answer: have you checked out /autoroles?


Question: have you checked out /autoroles?
Answer: I don’t see auto roles


Question: What’s the best way to keep new people from joining que until someone manually sets their mmr
Answer: you can use /requireregister Manual


Question: Is there a command to change default mmr
Answer: starting mmr can be changed with /startingmmr


Question: If you turn off voting for winner  how do you score and how does the channel delete if it doesn't know that the game has concluded
Answer: there is no score for the match if you disable voting for winner, that setting is meant if you don’t want to record any stats for winning


Question: Is there a daily limit for started queues in free version of bot?
Answer: 50 Limit for daily.


Question: 50 Limit for daily.
Answer: 50 for each queue or for server?


Question: 50 for each queue or for server?
Answer: Server, is not enough for B3D. With 1v1 & 5v5 & 3v3


Question: Server, is not enough for B3D. With 1v1 & 5v5 & 3v3
Answer: Yeah.. and that's the problem


Question: Yeah.. and that's the problem
Answer: U need to buy plans


Question: Can you set the win amount of a certain role?
Answer: you mean mmr change per role?


Question: <@145305657237700608> How I can change this one for example to Red/ Blue?
Answer: you can change team names with /teamnames


Question: you can change team names with /teamnames
Answer: Well, thanks.


Question: it has owner perms
Answer: fixed?


Question: i didnt do anything, what did you do lmao
Answer: https://tenor.com/view/mr-bean-wink-trust-me-%E0%A4%86%E0%A4%81%E0%A4%96-gif-10540459


Question: i didnt do anything, what did you do lmao
Answer: i deleted the channel and made a new one


Question: Hello <@145305657237700608>! Thank you for helping alot of people with implementing suggestions and providing a ton of support! If you dont mind i have a question. How did you made this tracking on the left side? Or is it restriced to this server?
Answer: thats just something I manually added to the bot, its currently hard coded for this server


Question: is there any bot that has map bans?
Answer: /map bans


Question: I have a problem. I setted to create the teams randomly but when the queue is full the bot asks if teams are valid, and i dont want that. How can i disable ir?
Answer: you can do `/reshuffle` to disable it


Question: you can do `/reshuffle` to disable it
Answer: Thank you very much, I was already going crazy hahaha


Question: On which hour daily games are reseted?
Answer: <@145305657237700608>


Question: On which hour daily games are reseted?
Answer: same time stats are displayed in <#935731235790139422> , noon EST


Question: How does it know who won
Answer: There is a winners vote after teams are created


Question: If I have two queues in one server, how does rating displayed in name work?
Answer: it will show the rating from the latest queue, unless you specify the queue names you want in the nickname, using /ratinginnname queuenames


Question: Does that only impact the individual player’s mmr change or the whole team?
Answer: MMR change calculations are per player


Question: same time stats are displayed in <#935731235790139422> , noon EST
Answer: Its 5 past 18, and i can't still create queue


Question: Its 5 past 18, and i can't still create queue
Answer: what


Question: hi! is it possible to use the number of people in the Q to update the channel name when the Q is not empty? like `#queue-n-of-6` when n > 0
Answer: no not really, discord limits channel name updates to 2 per 10 minutes, so it’s kinda too slow to be useful


Question: no not really, discord limits channel name updates to 2 per 10 minutes, so it’s kinda too slow to be useful
Answer: oh I see, thanks anyways 😄


Question: Regarding the lower_lose_rating feature, I have a question: if I have Rank A at 1400-1499 and lose at 1350, and Rank B at 1300-1399 with lose at 1250, and a player lands between 1350 and 1400, they're gonna have both roles. Is this intended?
Answer: hmmm yea i guess that makes sense, no that probably shouldnt work like that


Question: hmmm yea i guess that makes sense, no that probably shouldnt work like that
Answer: alright, I'll wait for an update then, ty!


Question: not too sure how to approach that fix, since autoroles usually dont need to look at the other autoroles
Answer: yeah, without looking at other autoroles I guess it's not possible. 
I'd have approached it with a simple condition "assign it only if no other autorole [in the lower-lower_lose bound] is currently assigned", but ye, you need to access other autoroles with their info (for the more detailed condition) or at least the list of roles handled by autoroles (which is easier I guess, just a set instead of a map/dict)


Question: probably just default that to True anyways
Answer: what are you referring to here?


Question: is there a command to see a summary of the options / config of a Q?
Answer: /info


Question: easier fix: at demotion players stuck at the rank's minimum mmr (no lose points) but after losing another x number of matches on that minimum, set mmr to soft threshold points
Answer: nah thats not as easy, but i also think players MMR should still work the same regardless of the autoroles setup


Question: i'm trying to do a 1v1 queue with map bans and picks, but after the bans i wanted each player to vote for a map alone,  but instead they are voting together. is there a way that i can do that?
Answer: unfortunately map votes are everyone at once. Why would you want them to vote seperately?


Question: i wanted the same along with the queue menu and leaderboards menu to be individual and not being a public post - unfortunately, its not implemented and probably takes some time and energy if  NeatZ able do that
Answer: private leaderboard command option is easy to add, what was the queue menu thing?


Question: unfortunately map votes are everyone at once. Why would you want them to vote seperately?
Answer: because i wanted to do how usually works, each team banning and picking maps one at a time


Question: gotcha, the current map ban system does all the bans first, then the map pick
Answer: yeah i know, but would be nice if was possible to do the maps picks one at a time


Question: nah thats not as easy, but i also think players MMR should still work the same regardless of the autoroles setup
Answer: i didnt seen it action yet, but i hope so


Question: private leaderboard command option is easy to add, what was the queue menu thing?
Answer: the indicator that the matchmaking has (0/2, 1/2, etc.) discourages players to actually try to join the queue, if there is no one to play with, then usually no one is get it the queue just alone - queue menu should be private, so everyone would just see its own version and not indicate queue number status at public/to the players just a message that they are in or out - its a huge setback of getting games


Question: nah thats not as easy, but i also think players MMR should still work the same regardless of the autoroles setup
Answer: also if need help scripting that type of system, i can do the work without problem


Question: the indicator that the matchmaking has (0/2, 1/2, etc.) discourages players to actually try to join the queue, if there is no one to play with, then usually no one is get it the queue just alone - queue menu should be private, so everyone would just see its own version and not indicate queue number status at public/to the players just a message that they are in or out - its a huge setback of getting games
Answer: gotcha, i can remove the queue size indicator, the only thing I can do with the private message to show if you are in the queue or not is one of those personal messages that you can click to delete


Question: still happening starting mmr isnt at what i set
Answer: check your /info


Question: map selection how does that work, does it work when qu is active/team is already selected?
Answer: after teams are picked it will goto a map selection vote


Question: the indicator that the matchmaking has (0/2, 1/2, etc.) discourages players to actually try to join the queue, if there is no one to play with, then usually no one is get it the queue just alone - queue menu should be private, so everyone would just see its own version and not indicate queue number status at public/to the players just a message that they are in or out - its a huge setback of getting games
Answer: What do you think the queue message should show for Matchmaking?


Question: This is my current settings for queue
What i need:
1)No players pick,captains are the highest mmr players,teams balanced by mmr
2)Map veto for bo1
3)When match is created, i need bot to create temp voice channels for teams
4) All players start with 1000mmr, +30 for win, -30 for loss, for winstreak need to add additional +15mmr
Answer: 1) If you want teams to just be balanced by MMR, change the `/teamselection`
2) You can enable map bans with `/map bans`
3) This is already enabled, `/voicechannels`
4) Your starting MMR and MMR changes are already set, but you cant change the winstreak multiplier


Question: 1) If you want teams to just be balanced by MMR, change the `/teamselection`
2) You can enable map bans with `/map bans`
3) This is already enabled, `/voicechannels`
4) Your starting MMR and MMR changes are already set, but you cant change the winstreak multiplier
Answer: if i enable map bans, team captains will do veto?


Question: i think only the captains should vote for the maps, would be cool to have an option to this
Answer: i can add this to a `/map voting`, as well as `/votingmenus`


Question: i can add this to a `/map voting`, as well as `/votingmenus`
Answer: it would be very helpful


Question: it would be very helpful
Answer: k this is done, will release soon enough


Question: Is it possible to make bot send dm to every player that lobby is created?
Answer: not currently


Question: k this is done, will release soon enough
Answer: oh... you are quick


Question: it will ping all the players though
Answer: Players often mute server, so they don't see pings 😦


Question: Players often mute server, so they don't see pings 😦
Answer: I do think DMins players with their respective lobbies is better than just pinging the main setup channel (I thought it was an option at first but dont know what DM option was at the end)


Question: is there a way to add automatic created voice chats by the bot to another already created category?, example: Queue setup is in X category, but i dont want the voice chats to be created on this X category, I want them in Y category that is already created with other permissions
Answer: not currently, `/channel category` exists, but it doesn't let you specify a different category, that could be added though


Question: I do think DMins players with their respective lobbies is better than just pinging the main setup channel (I thought it was an option at first but dont know what DM option was at the end)
Answer: the DM thing you are thinking about is probably respective to lobby details, like giving the lobby password etc


Question: not currently, `/channel category` exists, but it doesn't let you specify a different category, that could be added though
Answer: for this would be nice to add /channel category: ID + channel copy: ID (So they copy permissions from an already setup channel?)


Question: shouldnt need to mess with any permissions stuff for the created channels
Answer: But I would like to mess with permissions <a:saddies:1036160477039951923>


Question: nope, all the leaderboard controls are locked to you
Answer: But if they click on the link, they will see actual standings on site?


Question: give me an example lol
Answer: lets say I have a category created with the Default channel that I want the new ones to be created like, example: this Default channel has permissions for Spectating role + Coach role, people with spectating role can watch but not talk, coach role can watch and talk, is not necessary for this users to join the Queue in order to participate in the voice channel (sometimes teams would have a coach, some other teams would prefer to not have one) and you can do whatever other roles people might need if you can clone permissions


Question: Or maybe there is the way just to lock leaderboard
So players can refresh it, but can't change anything more
Answer: I guess option to remove different filters from leaderboard would be useful


Question: have you checked out `/spectatorrole` ?
Answer: ye, maybe there can be like a few of those? like /spectatorrole /spectator2role /spectator3role or something like that to give specific permissions to different user tiers


Question: for players that have played matches in different servers, then play matches in a new server with the same bot, how do u stop old players mmr from transfering over to the new server?
Answer: stats are not shared between servers unless you use global queues


Question: neat queue says its not part of global queue
Answer: you are good then


Question: does anyone know how to disable these options?
Answer: /teamselection


Question: 
Answer: perhaps you had different settings loaded when they queued for the first time, so they got a different starting mmr


Question: and how about these buttons how can i change them?
Answer: team names?


Question: Hello, hope u all are going great! I've been trying to create a party but this message pops out
Answer: what did you name the party?


Question: nah, map selection happens after map bans
Answer: yes i meant is it possible for captains to select one at a time


Question: yes, what was the party name you tried, it broke on the name
Answer: It was called Duo


Question: yes you can make it only captains voting <#910981294937210930>
Answer: but after the bans, they are still voting together, i wanna to make them vote separately for 1 map each


Question: It was called Duo
Answer: oh i see


Question: but after the bans, they are still voting together, i wanna to make them vote separately for 1 map each
Answer: yea  you cant do that currently, thatll have to be added


Question: oh i see
Answer: Any solution?


Question: but you cant manually recreate the map bans and map selection with it
Answer: yeah i wanted to do they ban 2 maps each and then select 1 map each


Question: fixed
Answer: Thank you


Question: What do you think the queue message should show for Matchmaking?
Answer: Of course this is just my personal example for my queue, which is a private message for everyone


Question: Of course this is just my personal example for my queue, which is a private message for everyone
Answer: and this one when joined


Question: so i assume your category has some sort of override or something
Answer: Ahh thank you


Question: when did that happen?
Answer: It’s happened a few times today


Question: hey bud just a quick note the variance change is still not up in the docs
Answer: what change


Question: 
Answer: this


Question: what change
Answer: the formula for the variance in the mmr


Question: the formula for the variance in the mmr
Answer: https://docs.neatqueue.com/#/?id=mmr-change-variance its there now


Question: https://docs.neatqueue.com/#/?id=mmr-change-variance its there now
Answer: You are amazing dude, I will probably be getting the unlimited version of the bot as soon as I finish some details with couple of Spanish streamers


Question: To like 15mins or something
Answer: `/lobbychannel timer timer: `


Question: which queue
Answer: what do you mean by which queue?


Question: even with anonymousqueue disabled, it still shows nobody in queue
Answer: hmm true


Question: I think that one didnt work because of the spread of MMRs but I will try to change them again manually
Answer: if there at 10 people within your mmr range it should work yea


Question: I wanted to ask if there was a team captain mode?
Answer: what do you mean? like /teamselection ?


Question: if there at 10 people within your mmr range it should work yea
Answer: Is there a way to have a bigger MMR range in order to matchmake?


Question: for some reason, it seems like matchmaking has stopped working in my server
Answer: all of the queues in my server stopped working again, same issue as yesterday, people can join the queue but nobody shows up in queue and nobody gets matched up


Question: When I try to join queue it gives me the "The game just started, please wait for the current queue to finish creation!" message even after the game is finished and the only way to fix it is to /clearqueue or have one of the players leave the queue first to update it
Answer: thats strange, could you /save and paste the config code here? My first guess would be some kind of permissions error is ocurring


Question: Heyya, during the setup I think I accidently set the starting mmr on default, while I want new players to start at 0
Answer: just set the starting MMR for the @ everyone role


Question: thats strange, could you /save and paste the config code here? My first guess would be some kind of permissions error is ocurring
Answer: Yup here you go VIDJG


Question: Yup here you go VIDJG
Answer: thanks, im able to get the same issue too, should be an easy fix


Question: thanks, im able to get the same issue too, should be an easy fix
Answer: Awesome


Question: Awesome
Answer: fixed


Question: fixed
Answer: So it should be fixed in my server too?


Question: yea
Answer: Awesome thanks a lot!


Question: looks like the website’s backend went down
Answer: nvm i guess the ssl cert expired


Question: <@145305657237700608> how do you make an infinite queue?
Answer: wdym


Question: wdym
Answer: like a queue thats lasts forever


Question: nvm i guess the ssl cert expired
Answer: restarting bot to update cert


Question: Thinking implementing NeatQ into a server of about 2,500 users would like some tips beforehand lmk thank you  <@145305657237700608>
Answer: idk any special tips, maybe just be sure to add a /resultschannel and maybe use /anticheat


Question: you can set their /startingmmr
Answer: Ah you're a god send bro


Question: i guess I can look them up if you need
Answer: sry late response. i ended up finding it


Question: hello <@145305657237700608> . on few occasions. even when a queue is full and game starts, bot still sends AFK alerts in DM

i think it happens if someone used the "im here" functions.
Answer: thanks for letting me know, i’ll check it out


Question: you can have unlimited, MMR is stored via the queue name
Answer: I can link the queues correct? (joining the MMR)


Question: Is it possible to have 2 separate MMR queues? I currently have 2 queues with different games and names, but MMR is shared between both of them
Answer: if the names are different, the stats will be different


Question: Is there a way to just set the starting mmr for the que when ppl play and everyone's starts as that
Answer: yea /startingmmr


Question: And how do u change wins and losses like how much elo per win n losee
Answer: and /mmr change


Question: is there a video tutorial how to set up this bot?
Answer: no... i keep meaning to do that


Question: And also how do u make it so ppl can't go below 0 points <@145305657237700608>
Answer: you can add a `/mmr floor`


Question: Or can I make it so everyone in the game has to vote to cancel n not just some of them <@145305657237700608>
Answer: it’s a majority vote


Question: <@145305657237700608> dms if possible
Answer: sure


Question: sure
Answer: msged u


Question: <@145305657237700608> when doing captain selection does highest rated mean most mmr
Answer: yes lol


Question: <@145305657237700608> when i type name of queue in channel does nothing
Answer: you have to reply to the bot


Question: yes i mean banning through the bot which isnt seen in /logs
Answer: i’ll have to check, all commands should be in the logs


Question: hello! I was wondering how to fix this glitch where it goes 6/6 then resets without starting a queue
Answer: if it happens every time its probably a permissions issue


Question: yes, it should've always been on monthly afaik
Answer: try now


Question: if it happens every time its probably a permissions issue
Answer: it worked. appreciate it


Question: try now
Answer: ty 👍


Question: Hey NeatZ! I'm a dev working with Kotri and tarik on the Pro 10 mans. Going to probably have a variety of questions, but I was wondering if you'd be willing to allow me to contribute source to the bot/API. 

Would help us implement features we'd like without overloading you, and would help the bot get more features in general.
Answer: Hey! I guess it depends on the scope of what features, im usually inclined to say no since I've been able to everything solo so far


Question: kk sounds good
Answer: try now


Question: I blame Discord
Answer: i realized you guys weren't seeing the selected Map in the final teams message, its cuz you have 6 map bans per team specified so it bans all the maps


Question: gotcha
Answer: ok my apis are behind the proxy now too with the cache enabled


Question: 
Answer: is this good or bad I can't tell from the screenshot lol


Question: yeah, honestly if we could sub in/out players for a queue before the game starts it'd help a lot
Answer: this was a limitation that probably can be fixed now


Question: you're the best
Answer: actually wasn't too bad, will be updated tomorrow morning


Question: but can we change the match names/team names based on captain picked?
Answer: oh sorry


Question: .. python
Answer: dope, was just wondering 🙂


Question: `/channel name team channel_name:Captain`
Answer: hey so this works but the buttons themselves still say team 1 or team 2


Question: https://getrekt.cc/gEvNU6.png
Answer: oops ill fix


Question: also I feel bad that I keep asking questions but I appreciate you for responding to all of them. Sorry for the trouble we've caused lol
Answer: dont worry about it, its a good thing to improve my infrastructure lol


Question: the leaderboard in discord is different from the one on the website
Answer: Discord requires you to press refresh manually, the site will be updated automatically


Question: might as well just go for C
Answer: We use Go at work, and so I've started using it for all my side projects. It simplifies so much and just works, scalable, out of the box


Question: <@145305657237700608> beta bot is down
Answer: yea i didn’t know if anyone would use it lol i’ll put it back up


Question: What's?
Answer: hmm let me see what i broke


Question: but if its commands not working, its Discord
Answer: what could i do?


Question: <@145305657237700608> any reason why "/setup" is an invalid command?
Answer: see the message above ^, Discord disabled commands


Question: see the message above ^, Discord disabled commands
Answer: ^^^^^^^^


Question: Can you please add Russian to the bot?
Answer: see <#1066129548036538459> , I can open up translations for Russian


Question: see <#1066129548036538459> , I can open up translations for Russian
Answer: Yes, it would be very cool


Question: hey Neatz, i've purchased some credits, but it hasn't updated on my dashboard. Does it take some time to go through?
Answer: usually no, let me check


Question: hey Neatz, i've purchased some credits, but it hasn't updated on my dashboard. Does it take some time to go through?
Answer: oops forgot to change something, it just went through


Question: commands should be back up
Answer: they updated the site 1 minute after you sent that haha


Question: see <#1066129548036538459> , I can open up translations for Russian
Answer: And when will you add it?


Question: <@145305657237700608> when i tried set up and picked which que type it says interaction has failed?
Answer: try again and see


Question: Hey NeatZ i know you've probably been asked this a lot and i skimmed through to see if there was an answer but didnt see anything
Answer: you mean just let any player forcestart the match?


Question: NeatZ does /test mode affect the current games going on?
Answer: no, just the current queue and any created queues going forward


Question: no just anyone with perms to use the commands
Answer: oh an admin version of forcestart


Question: maybe just skip the vote if the user has enough perms?
Answer: Oh just to expand on this, no cooldown as well if possible.


Question: `/ratinginname`
Answer: that didnt put the MMR in the name


Question: To use the leaderboard it asks me to vote, I have already voted but it does not allow me to use it
Answer: done


Question: still isn't working
Answer: wrong person sorry lol


Question: xd
Answer: try now


Question: 
Answer: try ONCE more, just changed something


Question: yea you can modify player stats with `/set` or `/add`
Answer: i changed them


Question: We're still getting issues where someone will be put into a new queue lobby when they are already in another game :/
Answer: i think i know why


Question: logged in but still no dashboard
Answer: same thing happening to me <@145305657237700608>


Question: same thing happening to me <@145305657237700608>
Answer: i fixed it by logging in incognito mode


Question: why does my leaderboard and stats keep resetting??
Answer: wdym


Question: Hello there, appreciate the quick support. I have one last question.. I have added the same roles and MMR change for every queue. Stats now count separately per queue, and the stats channel only shows stats for one of the queues. How can I make sure all queues are linked and that stats from all queues are combined?
Answer: if you do /serverstats, all your queues should be under the same name


Question: hey <@145305657237700608> were you still tracking that issue/new feature for making the buttons on game vote captain name instead of Team 1/Team 2?
Answer: try it `/teamnames captains`


Question: 
Answer: do /teamselection


Question: you mustve loaded an old config that isnt supported
Answer: how to delete the old config or make anew one


Question: I am having trouble joining a queue as a party
Answer: I think is a problem in general


Question: Like a 2v2 queue and a 3v3 queue but both share the same user's mmr, increasing and decreasing accordingly
Answer: yea,


Question: How do i change the team selection to be only balanced true or false
Answer: `/teamselection`


Question: and how do i make the lobby information stay in one single channel
Answer: `/tempchannels`


Question: yea,
Answer: Thank you, will try it out!


Question: also to stop a winner outcome?
Answer: yes /voteforresult


Question: Can i turn off party with the bot so whenever i join queue you cant stack with someone else
Answer: yes /partyqueue


Question: able to do multi queue, in specific games like val, siege and overwatch also separate register for those games?
Answer: multiqueue means you can play multiple matches at once


Question: Thank you
Answer: try now


Question: Hello! I got a problem, the names to ping are not showing up 😦
Answer: thats weird, is it always like that?


Question: thats weird, is it always like that?
Answer: First time actually


Question: weird, i would just see if it happens again
Answer: Yeah, if it happens again I'll report it again so, thank you


Question: which server and channel is this
Answer: tarik server, main one -- not pro city


Question: and then it's na-queue, eu-queue, sea-queue
Answer: the config looks fine


Question: yeee, the dangers of /rename
Answer: yeah nbd


Question: im not gonna update tonight though
Answer: nice 😎


Question: fuck it we ball
Answer: words to live by


Question: https://discord.com/channels/505102060119916545/954499196629692486/1029877849810800701 yeah should probably do that
Answer: ah nice, didn't check already submitted feature req's


Question: is there a way to set a queue so that only a party can join and not individuals?
Answer: you like one party vs another?


Question: does map voting happen after the votingmenu
Answer: which voting menu?


Question: you like one party vs another?
Answer: yeah kinda like the tournament feature where you join as a team


Question: yeah kinda like the tournament feature where you join as a team
Answer: yea change the /queuetype to Full Team vs Full Team


Question: also is there a way to connect two queue's mmr leaderboard
Answer: yes, the queue names must match to share a leaderboard


Question: which voting menu?
Answer: i fix it, but I was wondering how to disable the voting on how to pick teams. Like how do I make it so it goes to picking players right away


Question: i fix it, but I was wondering how to disable the voting on how to pick teams. Like how do I make it so it goes to picking players right away
Answer: `/teamselection`


Question: check ur /info
Answer: it worked just had to input the maps again


Question: <@202170300098543617> <@271014487451107329> adding a url shortener, here is yours: https://neatqueue.com/lb/ProCity
Answer: this is hot, ill replace it in places we have it posted


Question: maybe I should make a channel for people to post their configs
Answer: definitely do, we'll post ours


Question: Is there a way to add an additional voting option where players can vote to select a certain region?
Answer: yes, /votingmenu


Question: If I'm getting this right - this bot isn't tuned for any game specifically, but rather a "party maker"?
Answer: it’s designed in a way so you can adjust the settings to work for any game


Question: Also, how does mmr work? Is it simply win = + set amount of mmr and loss = - set amount of mrr, maybe with small deviations? are the mmr loss and gain amounts actually based on performance, or just win/loss?
Answer: the mmr calculations are based on your mmr, your teams mmr, the enemy teams mmr, your current streak, and your placement matches


Question: what message is that
Answer: the one that sends the bot when doing the /setup


Question: is there a way to make winning +20 mmr but a loss is only -15?
Answer: yea `/mmr change set` has an optional `loser_mmr` argument


Question: is it possible to make it so team a bans 3 maps while team b bans 2 and picks the map?
Answer: this functionality is already mostly there right, 2 bans and a pick is the same as 3 bans


Question: perhaps though the team with first map ban shouldnt get first map pick
Answer: with both teams banning 3 maps in a 7 map pool second team essentially picks it


Question: with both teams banning 3 maps in a 7 map pool second team essentially picks it
Answer: very true


Question: Sabes que me podrías explicar en si como crear tal sistema de queue
Answer: `/setup`


Question: is there a way to pick sides like attack and defense for valorant?
Answer: you can add it in the lobby details, or add a custom voting menu


Question: is there a way to make it so these pictures get sent to a different channel?
Answer: `/resultschannel`


Question: is there a way to remove people from leaderboard if they left the discord server
Answer: you should be able to reset their stats


Question: you’ll need their id though for /resetstats player
Answer: ye the thing is i don't have it


Question: for the setting that puts people back into a channel after a game is done, I think the channel is getting deleted before it pulls everyone so not everyone makes it
Answer: that kinda makes sense, at some point i changed it so this actions happened asynchronous


Question: If I organise a tourney, is there a way to add the queue function where teams who play against each other have to go through map selection process, same thing like they do in the queues?
Answer: yea, a tournament starting really just starts a queue behind the scenes, you so you can customize how matches play out like normal


Question: tried to sub someone in and it booted him
Answer: other methods of adding players to queue skips most of the checks, i’ll be sure to make it so that no matter how you join it hits all checks


Question: sorry if this is asked a lot but how do i make another queue that is connected to an existing one so that it shares the same leaderboard stats?
Answer: if two queues have the same name, they will share stats


Question: Hello, may I know if I can merge two leaderboard together if there is 2 sperate queue?
Answer: you can, if a Queue has the same name as another, the leaderboards will be shared


Question: The leaderboard seems to be having some trouble on tarik's public discord. The image is correct but the website is wrong, is it possible it's caching a previous score and not updating ?
Answer: it should be caching for 30 seconds


Question: imagine you played with a certain name for 2 months, then enable monthly stats, you would want those 2 months of stats to be in the all time stats
Answer: yeah that's true


Question: https://getrekt.cc/5r45qc.png
Answer: You can link to the website


Question: You can link to the site where the bot is paid for
Answer: also i added `/language Russian` if u wanna try


Question: https://www.neatqueue.com
Answer: I can't find a donation there


Question: I want spectator to be able to vote for the winner
Answer: this isn’t possible currently, and i also don’t see a need


Question: is there any supporter online 😄
Answer: what’s up


Question: hello. i set up the bot in my server. but players names are not showing up
Answer: what do you see


Question: hmmm no, currently no way to offer a voting menu to a single team
Answer: ok fair, no worries. We just remind them to pick side at the end once in game :)


Question: ok fair, no worries. We just remind them to pick side at the end once in game :)
Answer: you can add that in the lobby details


Question: i did try that
Answer: try 0 instead


Question: you can add that in the lobby details
Answer: smart! can do


Question: try 0 instead
Answer: also, fyi mine is also not offering me an option to remove it


Question: KYYQZ
Answer: strange, it lets me remove them


Question: ok fair, no worries. We just remind them to pick side at the end once in game :)
Answer: i could probably add an option to make it only 1 team votes


Question: when all players join the vc, no menu pops up? Is that an error on my end?
Answer: yes, missing permissions


Question: https://getrekt.cc/EydFar.png
Answer: if you look up in the logs, was there any players in the match?


Question: yes, missing permissions
Answer: who would be missing perms?


Question: if you look up in the logs, was there any players in the match?
Answer: cant confirm, made a logs channel but I guess it wasn't recording anything :(


Question: quick question on /ign -- where does this info actually display?
Answer: only in the final teams message


Question: last thing, anyone know how to remove CD on forcestart?
Answer: unfortunately this cooldown is not dynamic currently so you are unable to change it


Question: only in the final teams message
Answer: here?


Question: Documentation? https://docs.neatqueue.com/#/
Answer: ey sry my mistake


Question: This is a weird request, is it possible currently to have anyone currently in a match get a Role in Discord?
Answer: well anyways, yes


Question: NeatZ... what are the chances you'd be able to make a somewhat completely unrelated endpoint just for our server that'll get all the Discord users that are currently "Streaming" (aka live on Twitch, based on their Discord activity), and return the list of their Twitch users 👀
Answer: sure that’s easy at least with the integration i think


Question: Yeah I can do that, so no pressure. Just was trying to avoid spinning up my own bot. Mostly just laziness 😛
Answer: up to you, gonna update this morning, so lmk


Question: what happens when u try
Answer: It says authorization complete but not actually showing that it is authorized for the server


Question: Go for it if you can 🙂
Answer: what kind of return val do you want


Question: Then I feel less guilty about this feature request 😄
Answer: 😅 bad news, neatqueue does not have the required Discord intents to view activities, so you are gonna need your own bot


Question: lol im very paranoid about member permissions because there's often bots that join and try to DM anyone that they can see. I have it so verified members aren't affected and don't show up for the bots. But if people are in the neatq then they could get spammed with phishing dms
Answer: this should be fixed


Question: what issue are u having?
Answer: We are having issues within our server as the bot is muting people entering the queue and allowing players to move between voice channels. And we didn`t put anything in the bot, some issues start after the bought of the premium version of the bot


Question: there was a change today that made created voice channels obey the permissions set by your category
Answer: probably this^


Question: <@773200669032841247> the bot is missing perms
Answer: Can you see if it's fixed now?


Question: For some reason when the match ends it deletes the Text channel but keeps the voice channel open
Answer: this is strange though, i would say permission issue but probably not


Question: if you are using matchmaking, you wouldnt really want it
Answer: but what if im doing PUGS?


Question: the generated vcs have their own perms
Answer: sorry, this change had to be reverted temporarily


Question: but what if im doing PUGS?
Answer: no, its pretty useful for pugs cuz you can create multiple tiers of queues


Question: but if its all for the same rating?
Answer: then no point


Question: My mmr wont show everyone else in the servers show but mine doesnt work. Im the owner
Answer: unfortunately bots are unable to nickname the server owner


Question: hey i also voted and I cannot access the leaderboard
Answer: just tried and it worked fine


Question: The voice channels that the bot create are newly Push to talk, is that from our side or from the bot?
Answer: your side, we have channels set up from the bot and none of them are PTT


Question: could you share your config /save
Answer: ok one sec, sorry for the late reply


Question: could you share your config /save
Answer: GKULX


Question: what do you see? When i did the map bans it only shows 3 maps
Answer: Can you come VC?


Question: if you are talking about this , the bot has no idea that these are maps
Answer: So if i delete this voting menu, Can the bot still do veto?


Question: if you want 2 maps each, it needs to be a best of 4 at least
Answer: No i want it to be a Best of 3

7 Maps Total 

4 Banned 

3 Get picked 

the 1 remaining should automatically get selected right?


Question: map bans are used in place of veto
Answer: Then i can remove the voting menu?


Question: yea, /votingmenu is a completely separate system
Answer: Ahhhh Okayyyyyy


Question: used for Region votes, Attack/Defence, etc
Answer: Ohhhhhhh


Question: wdym
Answer: Like a tutorial or a image which can help me setup sides


Question: like how can you get a team to pick a side?
Answer: yea some image


Question: idk what you mean image
Answer: leave it ❤️


Question: you have to be using captain selection
Answer: i put this but it did not show a Pop up


Question: 
Answer: Breh 💀


Question: if u said 3 maps, you wouldnt play the 3rd map if Team 1 won both map 1 and map 2
Answer: Yea, Gotchu


Question: no that wouldnt really make sense
Answer: in the voting menu, 

i added 2 voting menu's 1 for Map 1 and other for Map 2 

Its asking both the captains for side


Question: change the team voting
Answer: YEssir Thank You So Much


Question: also, check Spelling of "Haven" Map, its HEAVEN in the embeds
Answer: idk what you mean


Question: `/staffchannel`
Answer: can the map ban/veto system be modified?


Question: no, currently map bans happen before picks
Answer: Ahh aight ❤️❤️❤️


Question: <@145305657237700608> is it possible that a player be everytime Captain for a Team?
Answer: you can specify the captain selection modes, that as close as you can get


Question: yeah the "specific role" is a staff role
Answer: then /staffrole


Question: Does one of the que types have captains pick teams from a list? I couldn't figure out which one
Answer: yea, PUGs


Question: how can i change the queue message to a different channel?
Answer: <@145305657237700608>


Question: you cant
Answer: do i need to redo the setup?


Question: <@145305657237700608>  im getting interactions failed?
Answer: bot was restarting


Question: <@145305657237700608> has it been sorted yet in ranked league? i cant join another queue cus cant report result
Answer: whats it say


Question: also it keeps making the channels private so other people in the server cant see theres games going on idk how to fix
Answer: change the perms for the category


Question: Sure, but I imagine anyone in the queue channel cares if a queue is found
Answer: twitch bot that spams chat


Question: is there a way to make it so more people can join the voice channel without increasing the team size?
Answer: yes!


Question: soon enough `/spectatorrole` won't be needed cuz you can just add the spectator role to the categories permission's but not yet
Answer: spectator role also changes how private channels are created though, instead of being locked to 5 people they're unlimited and private ya?


Question: Emptying queue due to 60 minutes of inactivity.
Answer: is this "/timer afk" command reference to this?


Question: How to reset the MMR for all participants to the initial elo
Answer: /resetstats mmr


Question: 
Answer: hmm alright i’ll check it out


Question: Is that how it should be? it's been 5 minutes
Answer: looks fine, guess it followed up in the wrong message


Question: hi <@145305657237700608>, Thanks for the bot. Do u have any idea why the channel is hidden? it wasnt hidden yesterday. Any commands I can use to unhide it? thanks!
Answer: change the category perms, the bot now follows the perms for view channel


Question: Alright so I’m gonna try and do a draft league tourny and I would love to use the bot for it , trying to figure out the best way to optimize it, simple and stupid I want to hand select captains and I can do this without using the the bot for ease of use because people dumb, but I like the idea of using it for ease of party chats and it will tell people to make it to the next party ?
Answer: there isn’t really a way to “manually” select a captain, the whole point is that it’s interactive for the users


Question: I gotcha it let me select myself as a captain so I didn’t exactly understand what was going on
Answer: wdym select yourself


Question: change the category perms, the bot now follows the perms for view channel
Answer: do u mean category for @/everyone?


Question: the party captain is the one who queues the party
Answer: I gotcha so I don’t know if it’s the best to use for a tournament? I still want to know what would be the best way, full team vs full team, without captains


Question: but then it will make it as everyone can see and join the call right?
Answer: View channel lets them see, Connect lets them join


Question: currently, no not easily
Answer: Damn ok


Question: currently, no not easily
Answer: this needs to be added though


Question: `/captainselection` and `/teamselection`
Answer: thanks


Question: this needs to be added though
Answer: U mean, ya'll will be working or it or?


Question: was anyone in the channel
Answer: They were


Question: are you sure they didnt leave the channel?
Answer: yes They did not


Question: no thats very weird
Answer: Damnn


Question: can you check who deleted the channel
Answer: Ok wait


Question: did the match cancel or soemthing?
Answer: No Man


Question: the bot only moves to the lobbychannel upon match cancel or match completion,
Answer: How does it decide match completion?


Question: which is 90 mins by default
Answer: ahh thats why


Question: mystery solved
Answer: ahahahaha


Question: i should probably just increase the default to like 3 hours
Answer: i just fdid, put it to 3 and a half


Question: <@862441990247284736> fact
Answer: All stats are tied to the queue name!
If queues have the same name, they will share the same leaderboard!
Otherwise, the stats are totally separate!


Question: you have to refresh it
Answer: i did


Question: that leaderboard you sent wasnt refreshed
Answer: sorted.


Question: probably just ur discord bugging, i cant control that
Answer: Sadge, i had to restart DC


Question: same, did the bot crash?
Answer: Hey Tarik. how's your PC going? Is it going to shut it down for a day?


Question: we are all just fish in a barrel when this stuff happens lol
Answer: nah just wait


Question: gotta wait
Answer: Ahhh Shucks Mann, troubles


Question: In my server it’s the same
Answer: Same 😦


Question: how long does it take that the bot is on?
Answer: <@145305657237700608> 🥺


Question: database provider died
Answer: F, what now?


Question: how do I add a side peak?
Answer: whats that


Question: Hey Neat is there any way to only show mmr on the queue, like if me <@152476694505062400> - 987 elo joins the queue to show a 987
Answer: like in anonymous queue?


Question: sure i can add that
Answer: Please Do ❤️ Would be Awesome


Question: sure
Answer: appreciate it


Question: sure
Answer: I think I need #logs as well still


Question: most updates i don’t even announce cuz i can just kinda quickly do them
Answer: GOD 🫡


Question: yes, queues with the same name share the same leaderboard
Answer: Ahh Nice ❤️


Question: doing /link does nothing to link leaderboards, it just links channels to other channels for using commands
Answer: Ohhhhhh i see thanks


Question: Is it possible to change the mmr for an individual player?
Answer: yes, use `/add mmr`


Question: Is it possible to change the mmr for an individual player?
Answer: or /set


Question: <@145305657237700608> Also what if i put Vote for result off?
Answer: there won’t be any chance to vote for a winner


Question: there won’t be any chance to vote for a winner
Answer: HHow will the results be updated then?


Question: no winners or losers
Answer: ohh fk ok


Question: the match will automatically resolve a winner after the match cleanup timer, you can always have staff select the winner too
Answer: how will it automatically resolve? 👀


Question: how will it automatically resolve? 👀
Answer: It should pick the team with the most votes, if I remember correctly


Question: It should pick the team with the most votes, if I remember correctly
Answer: yea ik, i am talking bout, if i remove winner voting, how will it decide a winner? or will i have to manually choose winenrs


Question: Ah I'm not sure, I imagine you'll have to manually choose winners. But NeatZ can reply when awake
Answer: ye ye ❤️


Question: how can i make everyone able to create a queue not only admins?
Answer: everyone shouldn't be able to create queue


Question: It is possible to make it so that the elo is not deducted from the players in case of defeats , but only added in case of victories
Answer: in MMR loss leaving it empty should work ig


Question: yea ik, i am talking bout, if i remove winner voting, how will it decide a winner? or will i have to manually choose winenrs
Answer: no winner vote = no winners


Question: It is possible to make it so that the elo is not deducted from the players in case of defeats , but only added in case of victories
Answer: yes, /mmr change set loser_mmr


Question: 83,000 out of 130,000 done
Answer: Almost


Question: queue 166832 with error code  MUDHX still open withoute a possibility to vote or leave for play
Answer: which team won


Question: 2 i think
Answer: work?


Question: <@857633321064595466> goldenrule
Answer: All stats are tied to the queue name!
If queues have the same name, they will share the same leaderboard!
Otherwise, the stats are totally separate!


Question: so i just need to change the name of the queue to "Queue"?
Answer: do this
`/queuename Queue`
`/rename 10 Mans`


Question: what command
Answer: Substitute Command


Question: Anyone have a few minutes to hop in my server help me out I just purchased premium (not sure if I need it even XD) but I'm trying to get a basic overwatch PUGs queue going and I'm having trouble ❤️
Answer: i can help you mate


Question: <@145305657237700608> can you confirm we're already hitting the 500 player ceiling on our server ? (ID: 317207764227325952)
Answer: you do have 500 players in the database, but seems like many of them havent queued


Question: yes
Answer: you don't have to agree with me being paranoid


Question: <@145305657237700608> how do i disabel sub command for players?
Answer: how to disable "substitute" command for Players


Question: Thank you for updating VC perms so it's not visible to everyone! I just wanted to let you know it's still not pulling permissions of the category - only adding mod admins (and obviously server admins) and the people in the q. Would there be a way to vet for an option to add a role that would be able to view the VC's without the ability to join? OR just completely copy the perms of the category? Having some complaints that they can't see if a q is going on
Answer: hi <@145305657237700608> is there any way we can have the old option where ppl in the server that doesnt have a specific role to see people in the "game call", we would love to have that feature as it would show that our server is actually "alive". Thanks!


Question: hi <@145305657237700608> is there any way we can have the old option where ppl in the server that doesnt have a specific role to see people in the "game call", we would love to have that feature as it would show that our server is actually "alive". Thanks!
Answer: you just need to have view access for "@Everyone"


Question: how to disable "substitute" command for Players
Answer: <@145305657237700608>


Question: how to disable "substitute" command for Players
Answer: your servers integration tab


Question: your servers integration tab
Answer: ok where do i find it?


Question: Sban pls?
Answer: Huh? What?


Question: You can set what options show on the leaderboard
Answer: but where? can I make a channel just for teh leaderboard?


Question: i have strange bug with leaderboard
Answer: this is now fixed


Question: say if i wanted to change the text to something else how would I go about that
Answer: currently not supported, unless you are talking about translations to other languages


Question: is there a command to give elo
Answer: `/add mmr`


Question: wdym
Answer: like for the pro city q


Question: Is there any way to make that players with specified roles always become captains?
And if no players with role in lobby, 2 highest rated players become captains
Answer: that is not a thing currently


Question: like for the pro city q
Answer: `/leaderboard`


Question: that is not a thing currently
Answer: oh, it would be great addition


Question: sure i can add that
Answer: it would be nice, also add like method priority
so 1st priority - roles
2nd priority - 2 highest rated


Question: can someone join a voice channel to test real quick
Answer: was a while ago for this^ i subbed you in


Question: Bot are not putting queue as a last message in channel + not moving people in voice channels
Answer: same here


Question: > bot isn't moving ppl into channels randomly
> dc's everyone after teams + map is picked
Answer: you could’ve restarted bot probably


Question: you could’ve restarted bot probably
Answer: So, for solve that issue...?


Question: > bot isn't moving ppl into channels randomly
> dc's everyone after teams + map is picked
Answer: Me too, not working


Question: Me too, not working
Answer: Same here, bot not moving people + queue message is not resending into queue channel


Question: 
Answer: send a message, still?


Question: send a message, still?
Answer: Still like this


Question: <@145305657237700608> Can u make `/need` visible to only the user and can be dismissed
Answer: i dont think that makes sense,  the whole point of `/need` is that its public for everyone to see


Question: is it possible to set the win/lose mmr amount based on the current role/mmr of the player ? So for example `Rookies` lose less mmr for a game lost then say a `Master` would.
Answer: not currently, mmr change is not role specific, that can be added though


Question: does /clearqueue deletes the queue config?
Answer: no, clearqueue just removes all players from queue


Question: <@857633321064595466> goldenrule
Answer: All stats are tied to the queue name!
If queues have the same name, they will share the same leaderboard!
Otherwise, the stats are totally separate!


Question: you could’ve restarted bot probably
Answer: My bad, things seemed to be working fine for us again so I ended up not restarting


Question: 
Answer: bot doesnt have permissions to create a channel


Question: 
Answer: could you verify the MMRs on the leaderboard? it might just be a weird visual thing if they joined queue before their MMR was delegated


Question: Recently the server I use the bot in had an issue where the bot acknowledged that the game happened and was completed but didnt update the mmr for everyone involved. I can send some screenshots if necessary I'm not sure if it was just a weird bug or if I did something wrong?
Answer: this has been resolved, not a bug, just a match was reverted after the fact so it looks confusing in chat 😄


Question: <@857633321064595466> goldenrule
Answer: All stats are tied to the queue name!
If queues have the same name, they will share the same leaderboard!
Otherwise, the stats are totally separate!


Question: yea, there is an optional `serverwide` argument
Answer: Thanks


Question: is there a way to change the timer or even disable the `auto pick` for team selections ?
Answer: `/timer votes`


Question: <@145305657237700608> Where to enable `serverwide`?
Answer: wrong command, it `/staffchannel`


Question: wrong command, it `/staffchannel`
Answer: ahhhh ok ok ,mb


Question: hmm not sure why it says `anonymous user` ... but i donated 😉
Answer: appreciate it! probably didnt select your discord name in the top, oh well


Question: The auto forcestart vote does not seem to be showing up, despite having forcestartsize conditions set up.  Any guess why the forcestart vote may not be appearing for a Matchmaking queue?
Answer: let me check


Question: The auto forcestart vote does not seem to be showing up, despite having forcestartsize conditions set up.  Any guess why the forcestart vote may not be appearing for a Matchmaking queue?
Answer: which server and channel


Question: which server and channel
Answer: Sent via DM


Question: <@145305657237700608> how to remove a player from lb?
Answer: reset their stats


Question: like who can use the buttons on the leaderboard I assume ? Will this also disable switching the type of leaderboard shown via the dropdown ?
Answer: exactly


Question: reset their stats
Answer: thnx man


Question: is there a way to "initialize" all players with their initial mmr based on a given role ?
Answer: only via `/startingmmr`


Question: Is there any way to start team selection at a specific time? (rather than when lobby is full)
Answer: not sure if i missed a reply on this one


Question: Is it possible to add it somehow in the future?
Answer: probably not, it would have to be manually inputted


Question: not sure if i missed a reply on this one
Answer: no not really, matches start when the queue fills


Question: im not sure why you wouldnt want that
Answer: Sorry - I should really give some context. Say I'm hosting a 10man for a particular time but want the available players to join queue similar to a 'check-in' status. Sure, I can start early or late, but was just curious if it could run on scheduled time.


Question: the mmr behind the name dont refresh after a win/lose
Answer: any info, seems to work fine


Question: Sorry - I should really give some context. Say I'm hosting a 10man for a particular time but want the available players to join queue similar to a 'check-in' status. Sure, I can start early or late, but was just curious if it could run on scheduled time.
Answer: you can schedule the queue to unlock at a certain time, maybe that?


Question: you can schedule the queue to unlock at a certain time, maybe that?
Answer: I'll try it out, thanks


Question: <@857633321064595466> goldenrule
Answer: All stats are tied to the queue name!
If queues have the same name, they will share the same leaderboard!
Otherwise, the stats are totally separate!


Question: are u using a different language? but yes it worked, just the message isnt right
Answer: Nope, should be on English


Question: which server is this
Answer: my server for valo 10 mans


Question: Nope, should be on English
Answer: ah, right


Question: anyone wanna invite the beta bot and try it <a:TE_monkaSTEER:797886659039199252>
Answer: i might tomorrow


Question: We play Competitive CoD, I'm sure a lot of your users probably use NeatQueue for CoD 8s
Answer: smart to use this for cod 8s and money 8s


Question: especially since he added anon queue
Answer: that was like a year ago !


Question: ill probably do this:

Text Channels:
    - inherit perms for category
    - @ everyone has view_channel perms denied
Voice Channels:
    - inherit perms for category
    - @ everyone has connect perms denied

so for voice channels, you can toggle if people see them or not via the category perms
Answer: has this been implemented yet?


Question: Is there a way to limit who can do /stats or /leaderbord and which channel can they do it?
Answer: your servers integration tab will let you manage perms for commands, and you can do /hidestats to hide.


Question: Is there a settings where I give people role upon using the /register command? Please reply asap :)
Answer: no but you can give them a role when they get their initial mmr using autoroles


Question: <@145305657237700608> Does LB automatically update?
Answer: no you just refresh it


Question: the /rename command will not complete
Answer: does it just say thinking


Question: no you just refresh it
Answer: okas


Question: Is it possible to do this?
Answer: yes, but it will be suffixed to the name, not prefixed `nickname [0]`


Question: <@857633321064595466> goldenrule
Answer: All stats are tied to the queue name!
If queues have the same name, they will share the same leaderboard!
Otherwise, the stats are totally separate!


Question: in my case i have 3 queues all with the same name, and that makes them share the same leaderboard/mmr ... but you can configure the channels differently
Answer: smart. ty.


Question: how does tournaments work, do they share the same leaderboards based on queue names ? or is it a totally different system ?
Answer: yes same thing, you can use the queue name to seed the bracket based on current MMRs


Question: try /clearqueue ?
Answer: maybe i'm thinking about this the wrong way. i created a new category and new channel `register` and sent the `/tournament create ...` command in that channel. I did `/clearqueue` in that same channel and says it was cleared, but no buttons still.

For me I want it to be separate from my other queues and have the tournament on a separate leaderboard.


Question: maybe i'm thinking about this the wrong way. i created a new category and new channel `register` and sent the `/tournament create ...` command in that channel. I did `/clearqueue` in that same channel and says it was cleared, but no buttons still.

For me I want it to be separate from my other queues and have the tournament on a separate leaderboard.
Answer: it will be a separate leaderboard if you give it a different name


Question: hi, i can't read the messages that your bot sends, any solution? <@145305657237700608>
Answer: do you just not see any messages, or any error message ?


Question: do you just not see any messages, or any error message ?
Answer: any, just the buttons


Question: $ ?
Answer: Invalid command, try again?


Question: you will need to `/ratinginname removeallnicknames` or manually delete their nicknames
Answer: Will that add nicknames again?


Question: you mean who closer to number 1 here?
Answer: and players randomly placed in this message, right?


Question: you mean who closer to number 1 here?
Answer: or you can just put players in this message sorted by mmr


Question: what do the voice channel perms look like
Answer: People with a certain role can see and text/speak in the voice channels


Question: nope, that voice channel is still locked
Answer: That's why I'm saying enabled and disabled restrictions looks the same atm


Question: nope, that voice channel is still locked
Answer: you have something else blocking it then


Question: otherwise the best way would be just being able to manage the voice channels restrictions by ourselves if there's a way
Answer: that is why its copying from the category now


Question: you were relying on the fact that the bot didnt care before, but your perms were not correctly set
Answer: Breh Nice, Blame it on me


Question: it does change things though, for example, previously, you were unable to hide the voice channels completely for the @ everyone role since by default the bot did not touch that when creating voice channels
Answer: yesterday, with restriction on, voice channels were invisible for @everyone..


Question: Now as you say the bot follows the permissions of the category, but following these permissions allows all those who have the role dedicated to that queue to join the voice channels, because they are no longer private for players who have joined the queue and are not they have the entry limit as they had yesterday.
A solution could be that the bot creates the voice channels with the input limit equal to the team size set in the queue.
Answer: you should be able to remove the permission that lets the role join the voice channel, no?


Question: you should be able to remove the permission that lets the role join the voice channel, no? ---> if i remove the permission people cant join at the first voice queue channel that the bot create for start the queue.
also the created voice channels will have a limit matching the number of players --> Today he creates them without limits
Answer: the first voice channel explicitly gives all players connect permissions though


Question: no, if you have a staff role added, there will never be a channel limit
Answer: ^^^^^^^^^


Question: yes that is the default behavior
Answer: that isn't locking


Question: wdym
Answer: when the bot is makiong VC's for teams


Question: 1)
Answer: dont get it


Question: 2) have you updated the perms?
Answer: what perms do i need to update specifically>


Question: dont get it
Answer: since you have a staff role added, the bot does not add a user limit to channels


Question: what perms do i need to update specifically>
Answer: connect


Question: since you have a staff role added, the bot does not add a user limit to channels
Answer: Then how should we have mods that moderate those queues if no one has that staffrole?


Question: connect
Answer: i can disable connect? will the players in queue be able to connect?


Question: cuz how would the staff member join
Answer: staff should over ride right?


Question: staff should over ride right?
Answer: no, cuz the `/staffrole` does not require any special discord perms


Question: created channels will copy the category perms, but override for the players
Answer: AHH UNDERSTOOD


Question: you have channel restrictions on?
Answer: how do i put?


Question: Hey I was wondering if someone could help me with the initial setup
Answer: have u tried `/setup`?


Question: just /unlock?
Answer: uhhhhhhhh


Question: uhhhhhhhh
Answer: anything on this


Question: i also dont remember why auto_lock is an optional argument
Answer: okay


Question: fixed by specifying false instead of omitting that Boolean
Answer: follow up to this, are roles server wide? i.e. work in multiple queues


Question: no but you can give them a role when they get their initial mmr using autoroles
Answer: what command is that?


Question: Hey how does the Most Daily PLayers work?
Answer: It’s daily


Question: follow up to this, are roles server wide? i.e. work in multiple queues
Answer: yes but you just have to set them up (as staff) in each queue


Question: <@145305657237700608> Why does NQ create so many q messages ?
Answer: sometimes it happens with like one stale message but it shouldn’t be very often


Question: My server has far more daily players that all of the ones taht are on the top
Answer: it increments your daily player count when someone clicks queue for the first time


Question: sometimes it happens with like one stale message but it shouldn’t be very often
Answer: its happens often 😦


Question: yo
Answer: I think i have it figured out, I added a new voting menu and I want basically all players to vote on it, but only be able to vote once and not be able to change their vote. My team selection is based on captain picks.

This is how I created the voting menu:
`/votingmenu add title:Allow Snipers options:Yes,No key:Allow Snipers team_voting:All Teams show_numbers:True number_of_votes:1 eligible_voters:All`


Question: right, but when it ends, how will it choose a result ?
Answer: it would just be the one closer to the top


Question: the current default is 25
Answer: thanks


Question: yes but you just have to set them up (as staff) in each queue
Answer: ah, okay dope


Question: any info, seems to work fine
Answer: idk, the mmr behind the name dont update after a match


Question: are u talking about `/rolerequirement` ?
Answer: ``/roles``


Question: wdym, if the role is gone it will no longer be a starting mmr
Answer: nono, so I have 2500 - 3499 elo being rank A right, and 3500+ Rank S


Question: what does /info show
Answer: fixed it, my keyboard put 2 zeros on a number <:kekw:645440310503145496>


Question: fixed it, my keyboard put 2 zeros on a number <:kekw:645440310503145496>
Answer: oops!


Question: How would i go about Disabling MMR Completely?
Answer: just set the mmr change to 0


Question: can u explain in simple terms 😅 how the mmr change variance works and how it effects the Elo given out and taken from players? I think I kind of have an idea, but am not sure
Answer: on the docs there is a calculator link, search for desmos


Question: on the docs there is a calculator link, search for desmos
Answer: Ik I saw it, i still don’t understand how the variance effects the mmr tbh


Question: its rocket science man
Answer: I swear man


Question: as the variance value increases, it decreases the output MMR variance
Answer: So would you generally recommend to have higher settings or lower than default?


Question: do people still fit the criteria then?
Answer: they do, im just going through carlbot and taking roles away from humans


Question: but the calculator shows pretty well wht changing the value does
Answer: Im gonna be honest, the calculator confuses me a ton


Question: raise the variance value to 2400, and they would gain 47.6 instead
Answer: Ohhhh ok tysm


Question: a 1100 MMR player beating a 1000 MMR player with an MMR change of 50, and variance of 1600 will gain 46 MMR
Answer: I have set the MMR Variance at default, what does that mean?


Question: did you modify the number of map bans?
Answer: I believe so, iirc i set it to 3 bans per team


Question: when i try and do it i do /serverstat inqueue and put in the channel i want it to be and it says this then nothing happens
Answer: did you join the queue after?


Question: Question. I setup a que in a channel but I actually want it in another channel. Trying to figure out how to do this but not sure
Answer: you can just `/save` the channel and `/load` the config in a new channel


Question: did you join the queue after?
Answer: i made sure it has perms and joined the queue and its did this


Question: how can i disable map voting or rand selection ? I want to build my own voting menu for maps
Answer: remove all the maps


Question: How do I setup my maps and modes?
Answer: <https://docs.neatqueue.com/#/?id=maps>


Question: when i finally make videos, a video on maps and stuff would be good
Answer: I'm also working on some short clips highlighting features. I'll be sure to send them your way so that you can post them in some official capacity


Question: 
Answer: what did you input


Question: it resets every 24 hours
Answer: Why didn't I update it?


Question: Well, as soon as you reset, let me know
Answer: done


Question: Is there a way to view the maps that I have already added?
Answer: /info page 5


Question: maybe you can create setting for leaderboard config, that will remove players with "role" from leaderboard
Answer: <@145305657237700608> any thoughts on this?


Question: <@145305657237700608> any thoughts on this?
Answer: yea i guess that could be added


Question: what doe **(n/a)** mean?
Answer: ah, i guess those were subs?


Question: ah, i guess those were subs?
Answer: Ahh Right


Question: yea i guess that could be added
Answer: i hope it will be added soon 🙂


Question: nah i see the issue
Answer: Please check ❤️


Question: points are earned +100 for each match, theyre used in predictions
Answer: Ohh Okay


Question: Can I edit an existing map/mode or do I have to just removed and the add as new
Answer: you have to remove and re add


Question: what's the correct formula to setup something similar to tarik's procity (queue system)?
Answer: there is a config posted in <#1068605714098049054>


Question: I wanna make it so when queue pops the players are required to join vc and talk out what maps they want for example. I already did /voicechannel mode required
Answer: yep that’s the right command


Question: whats the trick to reaction roles giving queue roles?
Answer: yes, you can provide the queue role when you add the reaction role


Question: yes, you can provide the queue role when you add the reaction role
Answer: is there anything for crosschecking a users registered name?


Question: but usually the highest mmr player set to be the team 2 captain
Answer: the lower mmr of the captains gets first pick to be a bit more fair


Question: Hi, yesterday it was fine but now whenever a match is supposed to start only the text channel is made and it doesn't ping anyone (and no match result vote screen either)
Answer: seems like a perms issue


Question: is it possible to give different permissions to a role for example i only want a certain role to only have access to cancel the queue and also ban people from the queue
Answer: you can add a staff role, otherwise no you can’t get that much control of the perms


Question: the lower mmr of the captains gets first pick to be a bit more fair
Answer: so....No way to change the captain?


Question: you can give a /spectatorrole
Answer: I want them to see voice and text chats that bot created for match, but not be able to join them and write in them


Question: I want them to see voice and text chats that bot created for match, but not be able to join them and write in them
Answer: you can modify the view channel permissions for the category then


Question: And how to reset the mmr and statistics to a person who left the discord server?
Answer: iirc you can mention them still like `<@id>`


Question: Hi, i'm not sure if its the right channel to ask in, but whats the deal with /numberoflobbies? If I have a queue that normally starts when 10 players join, and I do "/numberoflobbies 2", will it require 20 players instead? (and start 2 different matches at the same time?)
Answer: that is correct


Question: you can modify the view channel permissions for the category then
Answer: can you tell me how to do it? Im kinda noob in discord


Question: Thanks, I understand its pretty niche compared to what’s available now, but what if the Matchmaking queue could start a match when the queue is X amount of players? (X being a number above 1 lobby size, obviously) /numberoflobbies is great as is, especially for smaller lobbies like 1v1, but I’d rather have an option to wait for extra people to come and have the bot put them in if its better for balance, instead of waiting for an amount of players _double_ the size of one lobby. I understand its very niche, since Matchmaking already waits for a set MMR range that widens over time, but It would eliminate a situation where the bot starts the game anyway because its taken too long
Answer: i would say that seems pretty unnecessary, the new matchmaking system does basically the same thing, you can just config the settings the better match what you want


Question: can you tell me how to do it? Im kinda noob in discord
Answer: right click the category and hit edit channel


Question: Hey <@857633321064595466> can I remove the messages sent when the autoroles are being given
Answer: example?


Question: Anyway i can hide the MMR on the nick names? <@145305657237700608> ??

And only visible in LB and stats
Answer: no not really, leaderboard and stats just reflect the discord user's name


Question: no not really, leaderboard and stats just reflect the discord user's name
Answer: ohhhhhhhhhh


Question: right click the category and hit edit channel
Answer: I wanna do like this:
Players from OPEN queue can see only OPEN HUB matches
Players from PRO queue can see all ongoing matches
Is it possible?


Question: you would need different categories
Answer: i just need to change this setting to "/", and they will see ongoing matches but cant join voice channels?


Question: i just need to change this setting to "/", and they will see ongoing matches but cant join voice channels?
Answer: connect is not the same as view channel


Question: connect is not the same as view channel
Answer: this setting, right?


Question: No, why do you think that?
Answer: I took one look at the desmos calculator and said "mlosermmr and pwinnermmr must be multipliers!" in hindsight how did I even think of that


Question: so that’s kinda the best we can get
Answer: Hi neat, can you check dms? thanks :)


Question: Where can I buy
Answer: https://www.neatqueue.com


Question: you might be on it tomorrow
Answer: Ohhhh okai


Question: anyone know how to add a line to the final queue message, where i can say something like "team 1 chooses side"?
Answer: you can do this as a message with:


Question: /lobbydetails set message:
Answer: Hey can i have a ss where i can see how *lobby details* message looks like?


Question: 
Answer: Ohhhhhhhh Ok Ok


Question: how to reset mmr for released players?
Answer: ./resetstats player


Question: writes an error because it is not on the server
Answer: which error


Question: you'll need to mention the user using their ID
Answer: Give me tutorial please 


To have Lobby Details Message


Question: Give me tutorial please 


To have Lobby Details Message
Answer: https://docs.neatqueue.com/#/?id=lobbydetails-set


Question: https://docs.neatqueue.com/#/?id=lobbydetails-set
Answer: 🫂 LY bo


Question: no
Answer: Any ETA?


Question: i guess could just be a normal message with a dropdown
Answer: ye ye, that'd work too


Question: but doesn't mean the MVP is picked
Answer: Hmm right


Question: so you can vote before and after a winner is picked
Answer: Ahh Awesome


Question: whenever im not busy, maybe this week
Answer: Ahh Awesome ❤️ Thanks My G!!!


Question: One last question sorry is there a way to check a said persons mmr? Thanks
Answer: either via the /leaderboard or /stats


Question: is it possible to use /serverstats servername just to show stats from only specified queue?
Answer: no there isnt queue specific stats like that


Question: and has a match started since then?
Answer: i guess no


Question: it only updates when a match is started
Answer: you have the same description for both "games" and "ingame" stats


Question: good catch, thx
Answer: Is there any way to make that new queue`s voice channels is higher than previous lobbys


Question: not currently, maybe that should be the default though
Answer: Speaking of which, how do you determine where the voice channels go when they're created?


Question: delete the top message
Answer: can  you help me the bot is returning this error when multiple people try and register NeatQueue BOT  — Today at 6:44 PM Error fetching your Rainbow 6 rating. Make sure the account is formatted correctly! Only you can see this • Dismiss message however they are imputting there name correctly


Question: can  you help me the bot is returning this error when multiple people try and register NeatQueue BOT  — Today at 6:44 PM Error fetching your Rainbow 6 rating. Make sure the account is formatted correctly! Only you can see this • Dismiss message however they are imputting there name correctly
Answer: what is their input and platform


Question: <@917344499699679242> is the VC from a match older than 1.5 hours?
Answer: freshly created


Question: did u check audit logs?
Answer: now created channels are not staying in assigned categories


Question: might have just been cuz the match started before the bot fully restarted
Answer: is it fully restarted now?


Question: i have no clue really, thats just the best rainbow 6 API i found
Answer: tabstats and tracker have eveyone that the current api doesnt


Question: trying to figure this out myself atm and saw that if you reset someones stats it doesnt show up as an actual message, but as one only the person executing the command can see. That leaves so much room for abuse, cuz anyone with perms to commands can reset anyones stats without it showing up. And we need a lot of staff members in our server, bc we need to change teamsizes and other stuff often and want to always have someone online for queues. Just allowing someone to change teamsize without other commands isnt possible tho, so they will always have access to all the commands
Answer: the command would appear in the /logs


Question: i know why command logs are vanishing though
Answer: can u explain pls :3


Question: <@145305657237700608> how can i cancel a `/purge` command ...
Answer: u cant 😄


Question: Is there any way to add message that shows what map will be played? I want this message to be sent right after map veto ends
Answer: the selected map shows up in the final  teams message


Question: Hi, i want to get premium in a new discord server, I invite the bot and purchase credits, but I can´t get premium.
Answer: if you can purchase credits then the premium plans are on the same page, what are u seeing?


Question: the selected map shows up in the final  teams message
Answer: Yeah, but this message is after my custom voting menu


Question: 
Answer: should work if you try again


Question: 
Answer: what server are you trying?


Question: I want it to look like this:
Map veto - message with map played - side peek (custom voting menu) - final team message
Answer: im planning to refactor map bans/selection to reuse a single message and just keep editing it, so it will show the final maps picked in t here


Question: so i did a `resetstats all` and the nicknames still reflect old mmr ?
Answer: yea its a bit weird rn since there isn't a direct connection between nicknames and specific queues


Question: yes
Answer: LAN Pro City


Question: LAN Pro City
Answer: you don't have any credits in the server it seems


Question: you don't have any credits in the server it seems
Answer: I buy $5 credits


Question: im planning to refactor map bans/selection to reuse a single message and just keep editing it, so it will show the final maps picked in t here
Answer: any ETA when it will be done?


Question: ill take a look tomorrow
Answer: i appreciate the update u already made a ton, still I would love to be able to see the logs for commands complete. Do you have advice on how to fix this?


Question: could you link me an API
Answer: I can see if i can find it yea


Question: could you link me an API
Answer: Tabstats has a private api butbas the dev of a major bot you might get into the dev program and gain accses to there api here the contact link for tabstats where u can request accses to the api https://tabstats.com/contact


Question: ugh
Answer: We love making you reset the bot


Question: WHAT should be my category perms, if i have my match channel being made under it?
Answer: <@145305657237700608> yeo


Question: <@145305657237700608> yeo
Answer: depends who you want to see channels


Question: depends who you want to see channels
Answer: Only those who will play and A common role


Question: yes
Answer: <@145305657237700608>


Question: common role should not be able to join/access any channels, only view them
Answer: the bot manages text channel perms, but you can manage voice


Question: the bot will deny @ everyone "join" the voice channel
Answer: Ahhh okai okai


Question: you have to delete the channel, or switch it to a different channel
Answer: owww


Question: hmm currently /serverstats doesn't have a way to unmark a channel
Answer: /serverstats channel name players - shows how many unique players have queued on our server? And what is max for free users?


Question: is it possible to remove all these buttoms except one?
Answer: yes, `/teamselection`


Question: yes, `/teamselection`
Answer: Ok thanks


Question: i changed map selection to random but it's still having us choose
Answer: whats ur config /save


Question: im not seeing the same issue
Answer: bot still not sending queue message


Question: can u invite me
Answer: Me too, bot don’t send the massage


Question: can u invite me
Answer: sent invite in dm


Question: can u invite me
Answer: also bot just banned me, however i was in voice chat


Question: restarting always fixes this, im not any closer to finding the reason though
Answer: again bot not sending queue message


Question: <@145305657237700608> can you restart bot again?
Answer: Save the Config 
End the Queue 
Load it again


Question: which server
Answer: Dexplorer


Question: and did you change the queue name
Answer: no no


Question: if you have a role requirement, it could make sense if someone refreshed during bot startup
Answer: Hm Right


Question: The bot also automatically put ELO back in names, just FYI easy fix
Answer: did you turn it off, but it turned back on automatically?


Question: pro
Answer: what does it say


Question: <@145305657237700608> the rating keeps showing i dont know why
Answer: it should not be updating any new names


Question: I want to add map and others things but idk how
Answer: https://docs.neatqueue.com/#/?id=maps


Question: <@145305657237700608> it keeps showing the rating and it says all names a renamed
Answer: could you change the format to ($)


Question: https://docs.neatqueue.com/#/?id=maps
Answer: Too much of stuff i dont understand…


Question: could you change the format to ($)
Answer: whats the command for that? srry D;


Question: Hi, is there a way to kick people out of a queue?
Answer: `/player remove`


Question: whats the command for that? srry D;
Answer: `/ratinginname format`


Question: im not too sure what you are asking
Answer: I have a other question


Question: How we fix point for if a tesm win and if a team lose
Answer: /outcome can be used to change match results


Question: I have a question, is there a specific MMR range that I see that the bot will assign for specific ranks? (valorant)
Answer: you can assign roles with /autoroles


Question: /outcome can be used to change match results
Answer: Ye but i want to do auto


Question: you can assign roles with /autoroles
Answer: Yeah I have that set up but I want to know how /register determines the MMR


Question: Ye but i want to do auto
Answer: by default players vote for the winner


Question: by default players vote for the winner
Answer: K and if i want for at 200 mmr Its give auto a role how i do that (last question Im sorry 😐)


Question: K and if i want for at 200 mmr Its give auto a role how i do that (last question Im sorry 😐)
Answer: `/autoroles`


Question: how do i force a vote for the win
Answer: `/outcome`


Question: yea adding an MVP is a planned feature
Answer: ETA 🤩


Question: `/outcome`
Answer: oh ty one more question, is there a way to make it so people can't type in the chat for the queue once the queue starts and it creates said chat?


Question: oh ty one more question, is there a way to make it so people can't type in the chat for the queue once the queue starts and it creates said chat?
Answer: if you mean the normal queue channel, just change the perms


Question: 
Answer: everyone?


Question: How to reset mmr of all player
Answer: ./resetstats


Question: <@145305657237700608> if a player is substituted, the player is not getting access to the vc
Answer: i’ll check


Question: everyone?
Answer: everyone


Question: ./resetstats
Answer: Thats remove all player mmr?


Question: ./resetstats
Answer: I did


Question: everyone
Answer: could you give me a user ID as an example


Question: if you mean the normal queue channel, just change the perms
Answer: i meant like once everyone has joined the queue and it moves everyone and creates a new chat for that said queue, do i just need to change the perms for that new chat manually?


Question: i meant like once everyone has joined the queue and it moves everyone and creates a new chat for that said queue, do i just need to change the perms for that new chat manually?
Answer: oh in that case you cannot disable send messages perms automatically, at least not right now


Question: when you end a queue it gives you a config code, which you can /load
Answer: Ok thanks


Question: maybe you had a bunch of matches get cancelled?
Answer: its kinda weird that cancelled matches counts to daily limit


Question: how do i set vote for side? like attack / def on val for example
Answer: Add a Voting Menu


Question: 👀
Answer: thank u !!


Question: im a little confused about the whole key thing what do i put there?
Answer: Key is the Side Heading, Like what you want the SideHeading to be


Question: ty!
Answer: Cheers!! 🍻


Question: Is there any way to have have a log of who initiated a cancel?
Answer: the command would show in the /logs


Question: <@145305657237700608> bot shows that we already played 250 games for the day, even though im pretty sure we didnt. Did it maybe not reset or sth?
Answer: they were reset yesterday at 7PM EST


Question: Where can I see the paid plans? I could not find it on the website
Answer: you have to log in and view your server


Question: they were reset yesterday at 7PM EST
Answer: there were like 20 matches played since then, maybe a couple cancelled. But surely not 250


Question: let me see, which server?
Answer: https://discord.gg/HV26V6zp


Question: ./outcome cancel
Answer: thanks that worked


Question: there were like 20 matches played since then, maybe a couple cancelled. But surely not 250
Answer: it should be reset again


Question: how can i fix this
Answer: probably missing perms


Question: <@145305657237700608>
Answer: what about right now


Question: still not
Answer: ok, now


Question: ok, now
Answer: works now ty! another thing, I accidentally enabled /serverstats queuename thingy, how do i make it so the channel doesnt get renamed?


Question: I need help if there is one person who would help me program the bot I would be grateful for help
Answer: check out `/setup` (should get you pretty far) and https://docs.neatqueue.com


Question: and use their discord ID like this `<@31213123>`
Answer: I'm curious, why the discord Id?


Question: I'm curious, why the discord Id?
Answer: the discord ID is all that discord needs to identify a user fully


Question: the discord ID is all that discord needs to identify a user fully
Answer: Ohhhhhhhhhhh Okay


Question: <@145305657237700608> Can we have a command that will show number of matches a player played
Answer: <@145305657237700608> 🥺


Question: wait, it shows in /stats
Answer: Total games it does


Question: So basically if you disable vote for results; Is it possible to close the temporary channel?
Answer: Figured it out.


Question: <@145305657237700608>  These people joined the Queue VC why does it take them inactive?
Answer: <@145305657237700608>


Question: restarting
Answer: Sheesh Man, You'll have to sort this else you have to restart again and again


Question: <@145305657237700608>  Apologies for the ping; Please could you help me out here?
Answer: should be good now


Question: should be able to do `/resetstats player`
Answer: how can i take the player id if he left the server?
Sorry if it's a banal question


Question: also does mmr decay only apply to people who have been inactive? or does it just apply to everyone?
Answer: it applies to everyone who hasn't played for the specified duration


Question: it applies to everyone who hasn't played for the specified duration
Answer: okay thank you !


Question: wdym
Answer: What does each heading define?


Question: plz check docs first, should be easy to just search for it
Answer: Ye but its like hard to search what i want to know 😭


Question: idk if you search rematch it pops right up
Answer: Kk and for this


Question: idk if you search rematch it pops right up
Answer: Enable mmr


Question: yea, bots cannot nickname the server owner, nobody can
Answer: Damn, all g


Question: Any thoughts on this in the <#911057745204105237> 

> A way to pause/unpause the queue cancel counter if someone isn't joining. So admins can find a sub and not remake the whole queue
Answer: makes sense, would have to change how the bot waits though but shouldnt be too bad


Question: Maybe not even the role, but allow us manually remove player from showing in leaderboard without deleting his mmr
Answer: /reset stats player >> and then another option to make it specific queue


Question: <@145305657237700608>  Don't know how to describe this perfect but basically; I add MMR to people and their stats page is different from ours and they dont show up on the leaderboard. They show on the points but not on the mmr even though we're adding mmr
Answer: There has to be atleast 1 Win for it to show on the leaderboard


Question: /reset stats player >> and then another option to make it specific queue
Answer: if i use reset stats, mmr will stay?


Question: There has to be atleast 1 Win for it to show on the leaderboard
Answer: I just figured that.


Question: if i use reset stats, mmr will stay?
Answer: mmr wont


Question: There has to be atleast 1 Win for it to show on the leaderboard
Answer: But what if you have vote for results


Question: if i use reset stats, mmr will stay?
Answer: that will reset


Question: But what if you have vote for results
Answer: Umm I have no idea, ig u can change the outcome of the match via staff channel no?


Question: Umm I have no idea, ig u can change the outcome of the match via staff channel no?
Answer: It doesn't send when vote for results is off


Question: It doesn't send when vote for results is off
Answer: Damnn, then it becomes a fun queue you know


Question: Damnn, then it becomes a fun queue you know
Answer: So basically its messed up


Question: ahhh thats over my head 🫠
Answer: How about resetting points


Question: How about resetting points
Answer: to reset mmr?


Question: to reset mmr?
Answer: no like points


Question: no like points
Answer: I have no idea 😦


Question: i did reset stats akk
Answer: worked?


Question: But then to do that to everyone in the server
Answer: /reset stats all/server


Question: /reset stats all/server
Answer: Nope.


Question: Nope.
Answer: Demn


Question: is it possible to cap the amount of members allowed in a party?
Answer: yes /partyqueue


Question: <@145305657237700608>  Don't know how to describe this perfect but basically; I add MMR to people and their stats page is different from ours and they dont show up on the leaderboard. They show on the points but not on the mmr even though we're adding mmr
Answer: to show on the leaderboard you need the games count to be at least 1


Question: Hello! Are you planning to add "banned roles from leaderboard"? Cause we want to allow players from higher division play in lower one, but they have 1000 mmr at the beginning, same as new "low elo" player. So bot cannot balance lobby properly. The only option for us - give players from higher division higher starting mmr, but they will occupy whole leaderboard
Answer: yea i can do that today


Question: yea i can do that today
Answer: it would be really nice


Question: yea i can do that today
Answer: /resetstats player remove mmr? Cause i tried it and it removed my mmr


Question: i have it working, but i will release it later along with MVPs if everything seems good
Answer: later today?


Question: i have it working, but i will release it later along with MVPs if everything seems good
Answer: Lets Gooooo


Question: i have it working, but i will release it later along with MVPs if everything seems good
Answer: Also add "Number of Matches in the Past 7 Days" Please ❤️


Question: not rn, i dont really know where that would be added
Answer: in the stats only


Question: like /stats?
Answer: ye ye


Question: How do I delete a queue? Can I just delete the embed/message?
Answer: /endqueue


Question: i want know how put rank with the role
Answer: `/autoroles`


Question: and how start the match because only give me banned ´cause i don´t know run the 1v1 or 2v2
Answer: huh?


Question: huh?
Answer: can you help me on my server?


Question: i want that run without no join to voice channel
Answer: `/voicechannels`


Question: for the voice channel queue that's 10/10 how do i stop other people that aren't in the queue joining? or is there a way to increase capacity size?
Answer: could you clarify, are you saying you want more people to join


Question: could you clarify, are you saying you want more people to join
Answer: People that aren’t in the game are joining so the capacity gets full and the ppl in the game can’t join the vc


Question: and the bot will deny @ everyone, but grant the players
Answer: i have to make the VC not allow @ evryone?


Question: no im assuming your category grants Connect permissions to everyone
Answer: ya it does


Question: yes, use that command
Answer: what?


Question: what?
Answer: this command


Question: yes
Answer: i did that and now they cant join in general


Question: who cant join
Answer: if i have @ everyone can connect then everyone from the server can join the /voicechannels 10/10 channel

If i have it disabled then no one can join at all


Question: dont disable it, just put it in the middle
Answer: Noted good comms


Question: is everything right here?
Answer: looks good


Question: <@857633321064595466> goldenrule
Answer: All stats are tied to the queue name!
If queues have the same name, they will share the same leaderboard!
Otherwise, the stats are totally separate!


Question: Hey <@145305657237700608> , for some reason delay voting menu is not working
Answer: thats just cuz the bot was restarting


Question: 
Answer: i see, strange


Question: my leaderboard is empty for one of my queues
Answer: did you change the queue name


Question: did you change the queue name
Answer: i haven't done anything with it since setting it up


Question: i haven't done anything with it since setting it up
Answer: whats the server id


Question: whats the server id
Answer: where can i find that


Question: 
Answer: but it was like this before i reset stats


Question: whats ur config /save
Answer: WMCGW


Question: stay at 1000
Answer: MVP and other new Features live?


Question: whats the server id
Answer: server id as in my discord link?


Question: 
Answer: ah thank you


Question: ^
Answer: i will try to check is everything okay with captains pick


Question: ah thank you
Answer: looking at your server now


Question: even with captains pick
Answer: ok its working again, just skipped 1 ban


Question: cause i have this button active
Answer: button is visible to everyone


Question: <@145305657237700608> Hey, how do i add for suppose 200 MMR to players with a specific role
Answer: Hoi 🥺


Question: there isnt a way to bulk update players currently
Answer: ahh shittt


Question: there isnt a way to bulk update players currently
Answer: wdym


Question: wdym
Answer: not you, but whats your /save config


Question: you have a role requirement set, does everyone have that role?
Answer: I think yes


Question: Server ID in question: 1021498784670298152
Answer: status?


Question: someone needs the majority
Answer: maybe you can add vote counter somewhere, so players can see how many votes has been done


Question: maybe you can add vote counter somewhere, so players can see how many votes has been done
Answer: sure i’ll add that in the dropdown


Question: sure i’ll add that in the dropdown
Answer: maybe you can add it right to "vote mvp" button


Question: status?
Answer: leaderboard is working now! thanks <:peepolove:905515252232355880>


Question: is there a way to make the bot post the leaderboard after a game ends?
Answer: this will be released in the next update though


Question: I may just be missing something, is there a log for queues that get cancelled due to someone dodging? I have a logs channel that gets final match results but no messages for queues that cancel
Answer: not currently, only matches that reach the teams stage get logged to the channel


Question: What does rolling do?
Answer: i just disabled, it workeddddddddddddd


Question: 
Answer: changing to monthly gives a fresh slate for the month


Question: https://i.imgur.com/vFuqXro.png
Answer: are you saying you aren’t in that queue?


Question: Whats Total Players? Is it sum of players who've atleast 1 match? or?
Answer: anyone in the system


Question: likely someone is adding you to a queue manually
Answer: hmm ok


Question: changing to monthly gives a fresh slate for the month
Answer: Owwwwww so the data wont erase?


Question: Owwwwww so the data wont erase?
Answer: data isn’t erased unless you reset stats


Question: https://i.imgur.com/7kcpcDF.png
Answer: yea, someone added you to queue


Question: data isn’t erased unless you reset stats
Answer: 🙌 Jeeeeezzzzz


Question: yea, someone added you to queue
Answer: I doubt this is the case


Question: is there a way to make the bot post the leaderboard after a game ends?
Answer: do i have to do something to update the bot or turn this setting on or does it happen automatically?


Question: How do I change the names of the games? I want to make it NHL but it isn’t letting me I can only choose from the ones already on there, also can I have multiple games with multiple different leaderboards in a server and how do I set that up
Answer: wdym choose from the ones on there


Question: <@145305657237700608> how do you turn off the "are captains valid?"
Answer: /reshuffle


Question: for ppl that get kicked/banned from the discord doe sthe leaderboard update that automatically? or is that manual
Answer: it does not delete the stats, you would have to do it manually


Question: When you do /ping with anonymous mode on, it'll show everyone that is in queue
Answer: good catch


Question: Also, is there a way to change teams after picking? If someone misclicks
Answer: no not currently


Question: Hey there, we are using your bot in our server but noticed that sometimes, users won’t be displayed by their discord names but rather a string of numbers. Is there a fix to this? There is no way to ping these people and you can’t click them to see who it is, so it just becomes a guessing game. Thank you
Answer: this is a discord mobile issue, those users are not in the apps internal cache, so it just shows numbers


Question: it shouldn’t be possible to be in a second queue while in a match
Answer: If a user queues in two queues and 1 queue pops, will they be removed from any other queues they are in?


Question: is there a way to add a cooldown? like if someone joins the queue but then doesnt join the actual vc, is there a way for it to automatically put that person on like a 30 min cooldown or something
Answer: /player autoban


Question: Getting these errors when /voicechannels mode is set to 'Required'.
Answer: do /teamselection and re select your options


Question: <@145305657237700608>  Is there  a way to make Temporary channel transcripts. If not this would be a really cool addition for alot of reasons.
Answer: currently the bot does not have access to read chat messages, but i could request that from discord if there is real interest


Question: you can always modify command permissions via your server's integrations tab
Answer: The thing is, when i try to use, it says you just be in queue to use it


Question: use `/outcome cancel` for the staff version
Answer: ahh okay


Question: are you using an old config?
Answer: Thanks, okay will try that. Yes it is an old config.


Question: do /teamselection and re select your options
Answer: The /teamselection worked! thanks.


Question: not currently, all voting requirements are linked
Answer: ahh okay, can i change the voting req?


Question: `/requiredvotes`
Answer: Thanks


Question: `/roles`
Answer: Thanks, Any restrictions on the number of in game roles?


Question: <@145305657237700608> is it possible to make it so 7/10 are required to vote before you can requeue?
Answer: shouldn’t the vote have already ended?


Question: is there a way to permanently disable the /tempchannels?
Answer: disabling will turn it off completely


Question: also is there an option to extend the time for a queue before it gets cleared?
Answer: /timer queuereset


Question: <@145305657237700608> there is any option where you NEED to be on the vc designated to join queue?
Answer: no not right now


Question: no, but also over queuing a role just means they wont play next, they have to wait an extra match
Answer: Ahh Isee


Question: yea its not configured to show it there
Answer: Ahh I see, Can you configure it? 👀  Please ❤️


Question: yea but not right now
Answer: Ahh sadge, Ok


Question: Hey <@145305657237700608> 
I got my queue set up like that (but just removed "everyone" from starting mmr)
Some players told me that they got 1000 starting mmr, however they got platinum(1300) and diamond (1600) roles
What could be the problem?
Answer: Maybe "everyone" somehow override one of custom roles?


Question: Maybe "everyone" somehow override one of custom roles?
Answer: also 1 player got 1600 starting mmr (diamond) instead of 1900 starting mmr(ascendant)


Question: also 1 player got 1600 starting mmr (diamond) instead of 1900 starting mmr(ascendant)
Answer: that player must have had both the roles ig?


Question: Hey <@145305657237700608> 
I got my queue set up like that (but just removed "everyone" from starting mmr)
Some players told me that they got 1000 starting mmr, however they got platinum(1300) and diamond (1600) roles
What could be the problem?
Answer: check your /info


Question: next match, and again 2 new players got wrong starting mmr
Answer: this lobby was played after i removed "everyone" role from starting mmr
So for 2 players to get 1000mmr, they should have "gold" role
But they have "platinum" and "diamond"


Question: Also I enabled streaks here's the config code FXBHU but it doesn't seem like the streaks have changed how much mmr someone gets when does the streak kick in after 3 wins, 5 wins?
Answer: Bringing this back got mixed in with another conversation


Question: if i reset stats before match ends, match results will go to new stats?
Answer: it should, yea


Question: Bringing this back got mixed in with another conversation
Answer: streak multiplier applies for 2 consecutive wins/losses


Question: 
Answer: you shouldnt need to link to the queue channel


Question: yes
Answer: Well I have a role I give to people handling mmr. And they have the permission to manage channels yet when they put in the command it says "You do not have the permission to run this command"


Question: Well I have a role I give to people handling mmr. And they have the permission to manage channels yet when they put in the command it says "You do not have the permission to run this command"
Answer: itll check their perms for the current channel


Question: hi i can not cancel a match when i do /cancel in queue channel its not working and when i do in the match channel its not detecting the command
Answer: wdymm


Question: Hey <@145305657237700608> 
Is it possible to make that win and loss mmr gain to be the same for everyone on the team (like on faceit)
So it not depend on each player mmr
I want everyone to receive +32.6 mmr (team 1), no matter what individual mmr is
Answer: no, MMR calculation is done at the player level


Question: 
Answer: `/reshuffle`


Question: no, MMR calculation is done at the player level
Answer: it would be cool option though


Question: cause it makes sense, mmr scaling like "lowest mmr get highest mmr gain" could be abused
Answer: the elo formula  takes into account the average MMR of your own team too


Question: Is there an Aduti Log Queue?
Answer: there is `/logs`, but its only for commands


Question: And is there a points system?
Answer: there are points and MMR if that answers


Question: is there a way to make it so people don't show up on the leaderboard until they've played 5 games or any amount of games? I wanna hide people that have only played 1 or 2 games.
Answer: not currently, that could be a good config though


Question: Hey there, I've got one of the leaderboards showing the months on top left of the site, while the other 2 leaderboards don't show it and just show the all-time rankings (while I decide when to reset). Is there a way to make it show all-time only and remove the monthly rankings without resetting the actual leaderboards? Or at least having "All Time" to be selected right when you open the rankings page?
Answer: what URL is this in reference to?


Question: https://www.neatqueue.com/leaderboard/1043184884212043848/1064542976417738802
Answer: fixed


Question: Hey I was also wondering, is there a way to have different queues, but every higher queue starts from a higher mmr? 
I mean, let's put for example that I have Rank A, Rank B and Rank C. I'd like Rank C to start at 500, Rank B at 800, Rank A at 1000 points. So if a player from Rank C reaches 800 points he gets promoted to rank B. (But every Rank can only queue for their rank)
Is it already possible to do that right now?
Answer: you can create different queues, add a `/rolerequirement`, set the starting MMR per role with `/startingmmr`, then use `/autoroles mmr` to let people rank up + down


Question: you can create different queues, add a `/rolerequirement`, set the starting MMR per role with `/startingmmr`, then use `/autoroles mmr` to let people rank up + down
Answer: Just to make sure, does this make higher mmr players to lose more points if they queue in a lower rank and lose? (and at the same time win less points if they win?)


Question: Just to make sure, does this make higher mmr players to lose more points if they queue in a lower rank and lose? (and at the same time win less points if they win?)
Answer: yes, but with the role requirement they can’t queue in low ranks


Question: yes, but with the role requirement they can’t queue in low ranks
Answer: Oh so if I want Rank A players to be able to queue in Rank B while risking more points to lose, it doesn't work if I set rolerequirement both to rank A and B?


Question: how were teams created?
Answer: Balanced enable mmr


Question: if you give me the server ID ill do it manually for now
Answer: in ur DM's


Question: you know if people are in parties?
Answer: Yeah, full solo


Question: it happens frequently?
Answer: Not really, this was the second time it happened


Question: could you share the config code /save
Answer: Sure, I do /save and then send it to u?


Question: fixed
Answer: Hey, idk if it's another bug, but probably after this fix, one of my leaderboards is not showing anymore on the site. The leaderboard is this one: https://www.neatqueue.com/leaderboard/1043184884212043848/1064551786607808512

It works normally if people use the command /leaderboard, but doesn't work on the site only


Question: Is it possible to actually show you in the server?
Answer: Rec the current one


Question: yea just send the config
Answer: How can i do that?


Question: Cool feature:
If player is captain for X games in a row, he cant be picked for Y next games
Answer: It would be really nice feature, hope you can add it <@145305657237700608>


Question: is this "Queue into Teams" Released?
Answer: yea /queuetype


Question: yea /queuetype
Answer: is there and way to contact you privat or in a ticket?


Question: i tried using the auto unlock and auto lock feature and i set everything properly but it didn’t unlock at the right time. i set it again to make sure and test it again later today.
Answer: alright i’ll have to check it out then


Question: alright i’ll have to check it out then
Answer: yeah ima test it again tonight to make sure. but i set it like,  auto unlock enabled, time zone america/ny , time 19:30 , repeat daily yes.


Question: i’m planning on retiring auto lock, and making all commands schedulable
Answer: nice that sounds good


Question: <@145305657237700608> Is there a way to reboot the bot ? I think it's frozen because I'm trying to setup my autoroles and all it says is: NeatQueue is thinking
Answer: no that is not the issue


Question: how many users are you modifying roles for?
Answer: 100-150


Question: is it actually modifying roles though?
Answer: All right, 1 role at a time it works sorry to for bothering you


Question: wont let me vote on top gg for leader boards
Answer: what’s the issue


Question: how can I start a match without joining to the voice chat?
Answer: change /voicechannels


Question: you can /link in #chat to the queue
Answer: not work


Question: yes it’s 500 players
Answer: how many users for basic premium?


Question: Question: Can i make different leaderboard queue in 1 server?
Answer: yes if you name the queues different


Question: <@857633321064595466> goldenrule
Answer: All stats are tied to the queue name!
If queues have the same name, they will share the same leaderboard!
Otherwise, the stats are totally separate!


Question: is there a setting to enable that? i dont see it
Answer: it will only show if you have /voicechannels Required


Question: yes if you name the queues different
Answer: how to setup?


Question: i follow the procedure of setting up the bot but for some reason when i did it myself, whenever people filled the queue, the bot would make the voice channel and text channel for it but never display a prompt for people to join the voice channel and it would be just stuck. any idea why?
Answer: probably missing permissions


Question: Cool, last question I think

If I want the voice channels to be public so spectators can join, but the setup channel to be private so only players can see and type in it, is that possible?
Answer: either set a /spectatorrole, or modify the category permissions


Question: how to setup?
Answer: just /queuename


Question: i follow the procedure of setting up the bot but for some reason when i did it myself, whenever people filled the queue, the bot would make the voice channel and text channel for it but never display a prompt for people to join the voice channel and it would be just stuck. any idea why?
Answer: yes, missing perms, i see the error for your server


Question: either set a /spectatorrole, or modify the category permissions
Answer: Yeah I have a spectator role, but they can see the text channels and voice channels. I'm wondering if its possible for them to only see voice channels


Question: Yeah I have a spectator role, but they can see the text channels and voice channels. I'm wondering if its possible for them to only see voice channels
Answer: not via /spectatorrole, you can do that with modifying category permissions


Question: what perms if i may ask?
Answer: send messages, you probably have it denied in the category, so the created channels also has it denied


Question: different queue=> accumulation with other queue or it count same queue server with 500 members?
Answer: if you are talking about the player limit, it’s 500 unique players in the server


Question: if you are talking about the player limit, it’s 500 unique players in the server
Answer: if i pay premium, is it 1 time payment?


Question: send messages, you probably have it denied in the category, so the created channels also has it denied
Answer: im assuming its because i have it so @ everyone because they cant send messages but i made sure neatqueue the bot specifically had those, interference then


Question: if i pay premium, is it 1 time payment?
Answer: you buy credits, and then add 30 days to your premium counter


Question: im assuming its because i have it so @ everyone because they cant send messages but i made sure neatqueue the bot specifically had those, interference then
Answer: you can check the perms for the new channel and see what’s missing


Question: you can check the perms for the new channel and see what’s missing
Answer: i just enabled /lobbychannel pullall and it seemed to fix it, i made sure for it's role has the perms as well


Question: is there anyway to pause and continue queue?
Answer: /lock and /unlock


Question: Anyway I can make it so it’s only one of them?
Answer: /captainselection


Question: How to let admin choose winner dependes winner vote?
Answer: just do /outcome


Question: If someone making queue and vote fake/wrong result , is there any way to cancel the result/edit the result by admin?
Answer: yes, /outcome


Question: could you elaborate
Answer: Like all the games on the match history appear as +0 -0


Question: for the [upper_rating] argument, does the player have to pass this mmr to get the role, or reach it? So if its set to 1500, and the player has 1500, does he get the role?

Same question for [lower_lose_rating], does the player have to pass below or just reach
Answer: i’ll add to the docs, but upper ratings are exclusive, lower ratings are inclusive


Question: 
Answer: there isn’t a match result


Question: i’ll add to the docs, but upper ratings are exclusive, lower ratings are inclusive
Answer: So i should set it up like this?

./autoroles mmr set [lowerank] [0] [1500]
./autoroles mmr set [upperrank] [1501] [2000] [1501]


Question: If you see the game they are from yesterday
Answer: that would be strange if it’s not updating after a winner was selected


Question: yeah check it when you have time
Answer: looks like your current count is 171


Question: yeah thats what i was talking about
Answer: yea, im making a change to fix it


Question: does this command reset player stats?
Answer: no, but


Question: <@857633321064595466> goldenrule
Answer: All stats are tied to the queue name!
If queues have the same name, they will share the same leaderboard!
Otherwise, the stats are totally separate!


Question: Like taking the stats from the old queue name and adding it to the new queue
Answer: /migratestats


Question: yea, im making a change to fix it
Answer: also is it intended that canceled matches count towards daily limit?


Question: /captainselection
Answer: Perfect thanks


Question: also is it intended that canceled matches count towards daily limit?
Answer: There’s a daily limit?


Question: also is it intended that canceled matches count towards daily limit?
Answer: it’s sorta a side effect of the fact that matches receive the unique number upon creation, but it should probably be changed


Question: It does the same thing as before
Answer: what’s ur config (/save)


Question: There’s a daily limit?
Answer: 50 by default (free tier)


Question: what’s ur config (/save)
Answer: TEXMH


Question: How does premium work? Or is there a place to read about it? Can't find anything on it
Answer: you can log into the website and give premium to your server


Question: And are the player limitations reset at some point? Or like once we reach 500 players on the leaderboard no new players can join
Answer: once 500 unique people queue, the next player will be blocked from queuing


Question: I know premium is 1000 players but what is the daily games increase and queue increase to
Answer: 250 games, 10 queues


Question: 250 games, 10 queues
Answer: Couple more questions on this, I know I'll very likely need to purchase premium so want to make sure I understand everything

- Are these restrictions queue based or server based? So each queue can have 50 games a day etc
- Does ./resetstats all reset these limitations? Specifically the max player limit, since it resets the leaderboard

And last thing is there a command for completely deleting a queue? I have a couple test queues that I no longer need


Question: No work <@401639382567878656> 😦
Answer: Turn this on in your discord settings, image and text menu


Question: TEXMH
Answer: <@145305657237700608>


Question: <@145305657237700608>
Answer: that config doesn’t have any maps?


Question: How?
Answer: errr, no you cannot


Question: How do you get an Authorization token if i want to use the api?
Answer: /webhooks generatetoken


Question: Plan on resetting the leaderboard every couple months, kind of unfortunate that people who play one game now and don't play ever again will count towards that number
Answer: how large is the server?


Question: is there a command to check how many daily queue i use today?
Answer: top of /serverstats info


Question: you can create different queues, add a `/rolerequirement`, set the starting MMR per role with `/startingmmr`, then use `/autoroles mmr` to let people rank up + down
Answer: Hey there I was trying what you said, but I just thought something. If I do like you said, I will have the same player having a different MMR between the 2 queues I want them to queue for, right? For example If Rank A is 1500 mmr, after some games in his rank he gets to 1600 mmr, the problem is he will have 1500 mmr (starting mmr) in another queue, right?
So is there a possibility to have that player from Rank A to be able to queue in another queue with his Rank A mmr?


Question: Hey there I was trying what you said, but I just thought something. If I do like you said, I will have the same player having a different MMR between the 2 queues I want them to queue for, right? For example If Rank A is 1500 mmr, after some games in his rank he gets to 1600 mmr, the problem is he will have 1500 mmr (starting mmr) in another queue, right?
So is there a possibility to have that player from Rank A to be able to queue in another queue with his Rank A mmr?
Answer: you should have all the queues be named the same if you want their MMR to be the same


Question: what timezone 00:00 daily reset followed by bot?
Answer: the daily reset is at 12:00 EST


Question: I was just hoping for some elite players of my top rank to be able to queue in the second higher rank while still risking to lose points, since it's just a few people in the "elite" rank and I wanted them to play more
Answer: why not just let them queue in the lower rank?


Question: why not just let them queue in the lower rank?
Answer: i'm doing it, but the fact is they don't play seriously because they can't lose points in their actual rank


Question: how large is the server?
Answer: Currently the server that is using the bot is quite small, just over 100 members. But this is a competitive subcommunity of the much larger Polygon game community, 9000 members in the discord. I manage both of these, and soon once we finish setting up the competitive server, where we have this ranked system and we're also getting a team league going, I'll be announcing the whole thing to the entire community. Currently advertising is just word of mouth. 

I understand why you have these packages for player count + games + queue, it makes sense. But for me it does suck needing to pay for stuff I don't need at all. The likelihood of the community playing more than 250 games in a day is very low, but since the community is large I imagine a lot of different players coming in and playing a game or two then never touching it again. Atleast if I cleared stats it should clear from your database as well to not take up space, thus removing from my player count limit


Question: But then can I make people of their rank to be only able to queue in their queue?
Answer: you can restrict queues with /rolerequirement


Question: Currently the server that is using the bot is quite small, just over 100 members. But this is a competitive subcommunity of the much larger Polygon game community, 9000 members in the discord. I manage both of these, and soon once we finish setting up the competitive server, where we have this ranked system and we're also getting a team league going, I'll be announcing the whole thing to the entire community. Currently advertising is just word of mouth. 

I understand why you have these packages for player count + games + queue, it makes sense. But for me it does suck needing to pay for stuff I don't need at all. The likelihood of the community playing more than 250 games in a day is very low, but since the community is large I imagine a lot of different players coming in and playing a game or two then never touching it again. Atleast if I cleared stats it should clear from your database as well to not take up space, thus removing from my player count limit
Answer: i think i will go with the route of resetting stats will wipe the premium player count


Question: sure
Answer: sent you some pms


Question: not for that code at least
Answer: Queue configuration saved as: AQAJQ


Question: try /unlink in the queue channel
Answer: This channel is not linked!


Question: Must’ve changed it somehow by accident
Answer: i will take a look at what’s up


Question: i need help with queue keep kicking
Answer: /timer queuereset


Question: i will take a look at what’s up
Answer: One of the queues work


Question: 
Answer: the image will be shown when the map is picked


Question: the image will be shown when the map is picked
Answer: Yeah but I didn’t add those links xD


Question: First one works with the veto
Answer: which server?


Question: which server?
Answer: Fixed it


Question: Hi, i wanted to setup the MMR variance in order to avoid boosting but idk if it is possible to do for example : 0 MMR won if between 2 players they are separated by too much MMR like 100 MMR ?
Answer: you could increase the variance value, check out the calculator to see the effect


Question: Another question : The age of the account for the anti-cheat system, is about his creation on discord or the time passed after he joined the server ?
Answer: discord account creation


Question: you could increase the variance value, check out the calculator to see the effect
Answer: where can i find this calculator ?


Question: where can i find this calculator ?
Answer: https://www.desmos.com/calculator/3qtwvlrw8q yes it is in the docs


Question: how do you make one queue use the same mmr leaderboard as another?
Answer: make them have the same queue name


Question: Hi, how can we modify points for all users at same time instead of specific players ?
Answer: currently you can’t, best you can do is reset everyone’s stats with /resetstats


Question: Yeah, some players want to have a command to see everyone in the roles that are given out for ranks
Answer: as an admin you can see, but not as a user currently


Question: check your /info page 3
Answer: wheres this?


Question: check your /info page 3
Answer: i have them set as 200 starting but theyre 1000 rn


Question: idk how to do everyone
Answer: /resetstats


Question: you will need to use their user id to mention them in the command
Answer: what command


Question: what command
Answer: /resetstats player <@12345>


Question: Hey there, everything works good after our talk! I have another question now tho. I'm planning some sort of soft-reset on my queues after each month, which consists in a -50 points for every player in the queue. Is there a command already which does this, or maybe can you add it?
Answer: about to get on a flight so i’ll push through the easier features in <#954499196629692486>


Question: says a user id specified is ivalid
Answer: make sure it’s formatted like `<@12345>`


Question: that might be one of them
Answer: Thank you so much


Question: make sure it’s formatted like `<@12345>`
Answer: not working


Question: do you think you can make it by the end of March? Just want to know so I plan some alternatives meanwhile
Answer: yea it’ll be done


Question: yea it’ll be done
Answer: after 10 players join queue it doesnt auto put us in the vc how do i do that


Question: yea it’ll be done
Answer: also after the queue is done how do i make it so it auto puts everyone back into previous vc


Question: Also, if I use the command /leaderboardconfig monthly toggle:Disabled mode:Rolling, the players stay at their actual mmr and the leaderboard doesn't change monthly, right?
Answer: if monthly is disabled, then yes nothing changes


Question: also after the queue is done how do i make it so it auto puts everyone back into previous vc
Answer: /lobbychannel pullall


Question: /lobbychannel pullall
Answer: ok last things how to change team names after teams get sorted after we picked all our stuff we wanted it just says our discord names


Question: /lobbychannel pullall
Answer: the leaderboard thing isnt working


Question: ok last things how to change team names after teams get sorted after we picked all our stuff we wanted it just says our discord names
Answer: `/teamnames set`


Question: `/teamnames set`
Answer: command to end game and pick winner


Question: command to end game and pick winner
Answer: you vote for the team in the queue channel that you voted for the map on assuming you voted for map idk what game you're playing


Question: you vote for the team in the queue channel that you voted for the map on assuming you voted for map idk what game you're playing
Answer: i got it


Question: when you use `/startingmmr` is that a server wide thing or do I have to do that in each queue
Answer: that’s a queue config


Question: Is there a command to remove a specific number of mmr?
Answer: you can do /set or /add


Question: that’s a queue config
Answer: thanks


Question: which I could, but I'd probably wanna just make a separate discord and I'm lazy
Answer: https://webhook.site/#!/695c599b-fc6d-4a23-aaee-ce170e355fb3/7051d907-b47b-4b05-acc8-96464fa6c565/1


Question: remember, neatqueue has presence disabled to lessen the amount of requests
Answer: oh I didn't think presence was needed for that, I think it's only needed if you want to tell if they're "live"


Question: Hi, i didn’t test it yet but when a queue start, if a player leave after seeing the name of another player that he dont want to play with or against for any reasons when they have to join vocals, is this player lose MMR ? So my question is: Can we forbiden leaving a queue, if not we lose MMR ?
Answer: You can make ban for dodge longer, it could help


Question: oh I didn't think presence was needed for that, I think it's only needed if you want to tell if they're "live"
Answer: nah you need presence to check account connections


Question: Hi, i didn’t test it yet but when a queue start, if a player leave after seeing the name of another player that he dont want to play with or against for any reasons when they have to join vocals, is this player lose MMR ? So my question is: Can we forbiden leaving a queue, if not we lose MMR ?
Answer: how are they leaving the match?


Question: how are they leaving the match?
Answer: he meant like people dodge match when they see players in queue vc and he wants to add mmr loss for queue dodge


Question: how are they leaving the match?
Answer: By never joining voice channel when they see others players names


Question: `/save`
Answer: Thanks


Question: <@145305657237700608> is there any problem with the bot? Suddenly we only see 3 players on each leaderboard
Answer: what queue name


Question: because players can chose players against playing by this way and without losing any MMR
Answer: ill think of something


Question: what queue name
Answer: now it's fixed


Question: yea that makes sense
Answer: Do i make a feature request or it is fine?


Question: do you have stats how many servers use predictions?
Answer: about 33%


Question: about 33%
Answer: oh ok, so maybe you make new stat like mmr and call it like "queue points"


Question: it can reuse the same points system
Answer: Hey how do you make it so other people can just scroll through the leaderboard


Question: Hi, i've tested forcestartsize with all conditions met (auto_start enabled, etc) but it doesn't work in test mode after 5 min so my question is how the vote looks like ? It is supposed to appear automatically like vote maps ? And another question, it is possible to forcestartsize only appear if the number in each side is equal ?
Answer: it appears like a normal vote in chat


Question: Hey Neatz. Is it possible to kick someone in queue?
Answer: /player remove


Question: how much time i've to wait to see it appear ?
Answer: which channel ID?


Question: which channel ID?
Answer: 958102196036202616


Question: yep
Answer: oh yea forgot about that, it’s a template image that is used, i’ll need to have it generate the text on the fly


Question: Hey <@145305657237700608> 
1) This points will be removed after /resetstats
2) Is it possible to make separate points for each queue?
Answer: what is the first question? and no, points are a serverwide stat


Question: what is the first question? and no, points are a serverwide stat
Answer: first question was, if i use /resetstats, all points will be removed?


Question: oh btw, leaderboard ignore roles not removing players from points table
Answer: yea, points are not a queue config so it doesnt ignore


Question: yea, points are not a queue config so it doesnt ignore
Answer: is it possible to add "ignore points"?


Question: The command /channel category has a limit of 50 channels created by the bot at same time?
Answer: discord categories are limited to 50 channels


Question: Hi, idk what /leaderboardconfig shorturl does?
Answer: creates a short URL like https://www.neatqueue.com/lb/MyLeaderboard


Question: discord categories are limited to 50 channels
Answer: And so if we hit it how can i tell to the bot to go on another one category?


Question: creates a short URL like https://www.neatqueue.com/lb/MyLeaderboard
Answer: So its just to visualize the leaderboard on website?


Question: Hey NeatZ could you check why this leaderboard link is not working, please? https://www.neatqueue.com/leaderboard/1043184884212043848/1083057695315198012
Answer: could you /save your config and post it


Question: could you /save your config and post it
Answer: Queue configuration saved as: SNZSD


Question: Queue configuration saved as: SNZSD
Answer: yep its a bug


Question: Hey NeatZ could you check why this leaderboard link is not working, please? https://www.neatqueue.com/leaderboard/1043184884212043848/1083057695315198012
Answer: this is fixed btw


Question: How i can set be default captain selection?
Answer: /teamselection


Question: Can we change the bot pfp? I couldn't find if it was a premium feature. Thank you for your help in advance.
Answer: no its not possible to change a bot's profile pic, the only way would be to host a private instance


Question: Hi, is there a webhook url example anywhere ?
Answer: the docs have examples of webhooks data


Question: btw i've got month choice on both on discord but not on site
Answer: im not following


Question: im not following
Answer: i've got historic on discord but not on website for both of my leaderboards but only for one


Question: <@145305657237700608> Hey, I'm having trouble removing one of the voting menus. Its not showing up when I attempt to remove it, and I believe it might possibly be a bug. I have screenshots but maybe i'm just doing it wrong.
Answer: yea i see you've been hitting an error, its cuz the voting menu title is too long to display in the command, lol


Question: Ayee Fixed tysm! We've had one other issue with the leaderboard link not appearing on the web link idk if you have a fix for that
Answer: what link?


Question: Also another bug is that when you Click on the option for Captain Selection as Random , It changes it to vote instead.. It doesn't do randomize.
Answer: could you /save your config so i can see this


Question: Is this actually possible to put /forcestartsize with pair or impair arguments ? Because min and max means that the vote can appear when queue is in 3 vs 2 or something else and thats not fair so the vote shouldn't appear when its impair number of players
Answer: there is an optional only_fair arg


Question: 
Answer: this one doesnt have an MVP yet


Question: 
Answer: hmm it says the MMR was given


Question: yes
Answer: How can i modify my queue by adding roles ?


Question: Wait is there a seperate command for mmr changes hidden or is the hide mmr thing the same thing
Answer: its the same


Question: How can i modify my queue by adding roles ?
Answer: like /autoroles ?


Question: like /autoroles ?
Answer: like that


Question: like that
Answer: `/roles`


Question: Damn, people in my queues already found a way to take advantage of the Unfair stuff. The 3 higher mmr players are voting unfair while the others are choosing other team selections, so they always get the best team and win every time 😅  Is there a way to create an option for the bot to choose "random" if a team selection doesn't get the majority of votes, or should I just remove the Unfair from it?
Answer: lol if the vote is 3 - 3, it should randomly pick one option


Question: Damn, people in my queues already found a way to take advantage of the Unfair stuff. The 3 higher mmr players are voting unfair while the others are choosing other team selections, so they always get the best team and win every time 😅  Is there a way to create an option for the bot to choose "random" if a team selection doesn't get the majority of votes, or should I just remove the Unfair from it?
Answer: also, the vote should need 4 votes by default, not 3


Question: also, the vote should need 4 votes by default, not 3
Answer: actually i think im wrong


Question: Are you sure right now it's not like, for example 3 players vote for "unfair", 2 vote "captains" and 1 votes "random", it actually chooses unfair cause it has the majority?
Answer: that would happen, yes


Question: Ok so it works but the bot says that i've to create a party. It means that we cannot do a roles and team queue where players can join randomly and where they are putted on some roles available until complete ate least a forcestart size vote team or full team <@145305657237700608> ?
Answer: team queue means you have a party that is the full team size


Question: isn't it possible to have the 4 votes option somehow? With the random choice if they're 3-3
Answer: since the vote is at a stalemate, it just randomly picks one


Question: how its possible? Players tell me that they played this match today, but bot shows yesterday for some reason...
Answer: time travel


Question: Hi, the command /serverstats channelnames players show the total number of players on the server or only those who queued once ?
Answer: only who queued once, but it can count duplicates


Question: Hi, the command /serverstats channelnames players show the total number of players on the server or only those who queued once ?
Answer: it should no longer count duplicates


Question: Hello! Any updates about winstreak customization?
Answer: i’m not sure on a good way to make that a command


Question: wdym?
Answer: the streak multiplier is a formula, not some value


Question: the streak multiplier is a formula, not some value
Answer: you can make both winrate like that:
/winrate mmrvalue enabled/disabled
/winrate mmrvalue wins needed
/winrate mmrvalue mmr bonus
/winrate pointsvalue enabled/disabled
/winrate pointsvalue wins needed
/winrate pointsvalue mmr bonus
/winrate formula enabled/disabled


Question: I keep trying to get the bot to join my server and it wont.
Answer: what do you mean?


Question: oh btw, bot have tiebreakers for points and mmr?
Answer: in what sense


Question: MMR is only rounded when its displayed, in reality it looks like 540.13213131341414515125412512
Answer: even when i have static mmr change?


Question: 
Answer: we did by accident cause diff ques were opening we didnt know wha we was doing


Question: but any way to get results from previous match? I dont have stuff channel
Answer: your last completed match was 205379, and team 2 won


Question: hmm i think I could see it happening if someone joins queue immediately when the message is being updated
Answer: its possible to fix?


Question: also bot didnt send results in staff channel
Answer: does it have perms?


Question: your last completed match was 205379, and team 2 won
Answer: btw i dont think its correct, look at match number that started rn


Question: hmm i think I could see it happening if someone joins queue immediately when the message is being updated
Answer: what if i add /requeue cooldown, it could help?


Question: what if i add /requeue cooldown, it could help?
Answer: probably not


Question: whats that channel's id?
Answer: i created new one


Question: Hi, is that normal than the staffchannel set command well configured do nothing on the channel that i've chosen ?
Answer: it will show matches that are played


Question: it is enabled
Answer: How i can disable it?


Question: yea the bot just restarted, if you have any sort of leaderboard roles/ role requirement, it will need to wait until the bot's internal cache is fully populated
Answer: ^ probs just this


Question: I appreciate your help in advance. I've looked just about everywhere before coming here, and I'm sure I've just kept looking over it.
**Is there a way to disable the timer before it kicks players out of the queue for inactivity? 
As well as a way to allow players to queue while offline**
Everyone thoroughly enjoyed this feature in Pubobot; while your bot is superior, they still miss a few of those creature comforts. 
Thank you again for the help, love the design of NeatQueue.
Answer: there is /timer afk and /timer queuereset


Question: trying to decrease the amount of RAM used by the bot, so it doesn't cache all the servers upon startup, only when needed
Answer: trying again 😄


Question: what do you mean?
Answer: it's not synced with the 10mans category, and it doesn't include neatqueue or the bot role


Question: the bot specifically gives itself perms for the new channel
Answer: these are the 2 only 2 perms it has set for it self


Question: so maybe the category has them disabled or something
Answer: I have “everyone” marked as “x” on manage channels


Question: hmmm well i havent changed anything regarding these perm checks
Answer: If I remove “bot” and “neatqueue” roles from the channel category will it follow server permissions?


Question: yes
Answer: would this work on paper?


Question: you can try impersonating the bots role and see if you can create channels in that category ?
Answer: i can


Question: <@857633321064595466> goldenrule
Answer: All stats are tied to the queue name!
If queues have the same name, they will share the same leaderboard!
Otherwise, the stats are totally separate!


Question: 
Answer: is there anychance we can fix this i'm having trouble on this


Question: now that im looking at it, seems like it always deletes before moving people out?
Answer: Thats not the behavior that I've seen in the past, it would always move everyone out to the original channel, then delete


Question: 
Answer: you probably added ascent twice


Question: you probably added ascent twice
Answer: Nope


Question: `/mmr change set amount:25 static:True `
Answer: Also this +25 for win and -25 for loss


Question: the channel doesn't show the queue message to join and leave
Answer: the bot is missing perms to send messages in that channel


Question: Is there any way we can reset those stats or sync them with the only queue that's left ?
Answer: its not synced?


Question: Hi is there a way to balance modes so all modes get played?
Answer: not currently


Question: Still not synced. Still showing 2925 games played.
Answer: i do see 2925 games though


Question: Hi is there a way to balance modes so all modes get played?
Answer: the only way you can is via custom voting menus


Question: Currently have an issue where I modified one of the results, and it changed the leaderboard, and then I reverted it, but it keeps adding games onto the leaderboard
Answer: im not able to reproduce, any more info?


Question: only captains can vote for winner selection right?
Answer: no, the whole team can


Question: no, the whole team can
Answer: and what about the message that asks for the team members to vote if the captains are valid
can I disable it?


Question: im not able to reproduce, any more info?
Answer: I am unsure, so the game that has the problem, team 2 won, if I then modify it to team 1, click cancel/revert and then modify it back to team 2, the results for team 1 stay on the leaderboard, so I presume it’s the revert button that is having the problem


Question: and what about the message that asks for the team members to vote if the captains are valid
can I disable it?
Answer: yea, disable /reshuffle


Question: I am unsure, so the game that has the problem, team 2 won, if I then modify it to team 1, click cancel/revert and then modify it back to team 2, the results for team 1 stay on the leaderboard, so I presume it’s the revert button that is having the problem
Answer: ok, thanks for the details


Question: hmmm those steps didnt work for me, the stats are as expected
Answer: the people using the bot were pissing about with the votes when the game finished so it had 5 votes for each team to win and then zion manually changed the score


Question: I bought 5 premium credits yesterday but I deleted the discord server and made it again, now I don't have the credits anymore
Answer: sure I can transfer them


Question: if that would change anything
Answer: ill keep trying lol


Question: sure I can transfer them
Answer: wait, lemme send you the transaction ID


Question: i do see 2925 games though
Answer: Yeah because there were 2925 games played throughout 13 different queues but I deleted em all and I kept the only one we are using atm, thought it would've reduced the game count to the queues matches itself


Question: `/outcome`
Answer: i put the match number but it says

Could not find the match channel. Perhaps it was deleted?


Question: ill keep trying lol
Answer: we just reverted all the games so we can reset the queue so there are no games played at all


Question: 
Answer: oh, it’s changing by 0


Question: 
Answer: /setup bro


Question: /setup bro
Answer: which?


Question: which?
Answer: read them bro and decide 😛


Question: ok
Answer: ./load UCQRR


Question: 
Answer: I just want to create something like this


Question: 
Answer: i see


Question: is there a way to have set scores influence point gain/loss?  like winning 4-3 gets less points than winning 4-0
Answer: not currently


Question: I have them added as staffroles
Answer: thats a discord perm


Question: thats a discord perm
Answer: But they can drag from any other vcs


Question: what does it say?
Answer: Doesn’t say anything


Question: Like it doesn’t come up as a command when they type it
Answer: that would be a server config then


Question: Is there a way to change a queue without stopping/ending it, so I want the leaderboard to still be the same, just tweak the settings of the queue
Answer: yea all queue settings are changeable


Question: yea all queue settings are changeable
Answer: im not sure how to go back into them without putting /endqueue, that would wipe the leaderboard for previous games


Question: the bot will create the appropriate channels and wait for everyone to join
Answer: Ok, but let’s say it’s a Valorant lobby, how do they actually join a party/custom in Valorant


Question: someone will need to make it
Answer: Ohk 👍


Question: 
Answer: adding options_variable Map Ban fixed it


Question: is there any way we can seperate the teams into vc before it does the bans?
Answer: yes `/voicechannels moveteam when:After Teams Created `


Question: <@145305657237700608> Is there a way to ask the bot to show the rematch in the match results
Answer: like to indicate that match was a rematch?


Question: wdym it prioritizes
Answer: So initially we had it where it would just display all the valorant maps + random and you would vote and it would just select that map. But then we made it so there is map bans instead, and I manged to make it work on a new test queue, but on the queue where the map selection was initially enabled, i cannot manage to switch it to map bans


Question: is there a way to remove/reduce the forcestart cooldown
Answer: not currently, its a non dynamic value


Question: Hey, I got some questions/suggestions, cause I'm not sure if you're working on it already.
1) Is the command to remove a fixed amount of mmr to an entire queue ready yet?
2) Is there a command so you can reset the win-loss record without resetting players mmr?
3) Is there any chance I could see players who didn't play any game in a queue inside the leaderboard?
Answer: 1) Yes, /set and /add now can apply to entire roles
2) Same as above ^
3) No, players must have a game played to show up


Question: 1) Yes, /set and /add now can apply to entire roles
2) Same as above ^
3) No, players must have a game played to show up
Answer: 2) wait what's the command again? xD
3) want me to add it to suggestions or will that never happen?


Question: is it because 1 role has a hideen maximum range of mmr, so then after you pass the hidden maximum range of mmr even if it says 3000 as the ceiling you lose it
Answer: role has a maximum range?


Question: role has a maximum range?
Answer: well i dont know but thats the only thing that would make sens as to why it removed the role


Question: well i dont know but thats the only thing that would make sens as to why it removed the role
Answer: did you queue in a different queue that has different autoroles?


Question: Yo, I always want Team Selection -> Captain. How do I do that? I dont want to vote for players pick or random etc.
Answer: `/teamselection`


Question: `/teamselection`
Answer: Thanks bro ❤️


Question: but i set mmr ceiling to 3000 and someone was on 2000 and this happened
Answer: We had the same problem some players loseing elo randomly


Question: Is there a Premium Bot vs. Credit Pro Bot?
Answer: huh?


Question: We had the same problem some players loseing elo randomly
Answer: they didnt lose mmr, just lost their autorole


Question: like to indicate that match was a rematch?
Answer: This rematch. Srry i was sleeping


Question: <@857633321064595466> goldenrule
Answer: All stats are tied to the queue name!
If queues have the same name, they will share the same leaderboard!
Otherwise, the stats are totally separate!


Question: right know , when we cancel a game via buttons after a game or click  "team 1 , team 2 or tie" the elo is bugging and the players get a whole reset back to 1000 elo..
Answer: thanks for the steps, i was able to reproduce and fix, will restart soon


Question: So what I am supposed to do?
Answer: ill override it, one sec


Question: Is there a way to get more precise stats for games played, mmr distributions for specific queues? We have two different queues and wanted to measure activity.
Answer: not really, if you are into data analysis you can fetch all the data through the API


Question: try now?
Answer: Yup it's working now


Question: not really, if you are into data analysis you can fetch all the data through the API
Answer: hi its me the guy thats actualy gonna use the api

how do i generate an api token? the documentation just has a blank section on it with a link that goes nowhere


Question: which is the `/matchmaking leniency`
Answer: Okay thanks
Whats the default value for /matchmakaing leniency ? Or do you have a recommendation for what it should be set to for players to find matches quickly?


Question: they cant vote?
Answer: the game is finished and there is no vote anymore


Question: hey i was curious if there is a way to have separate queues for the same mmr system or to have the same queue in multiple different chats? basically i was looking to have a rank system where players get a role (ex. Rank B) after hitting X mmr which unlocks a chat for specifically players of that rank.
Answer: yup just name the queues the same


Question: <@857633321064595466> goldenrule
Answer: All stats are tied to the queue name!
If queues have the same name, they will share the same leaderboard!
Otherwise, the stats are totally separate!


Question: also when doing /set win 0. player stats and leaderboard do not change ?
Answer: you specified the user?


Question: you specified the user?
Answer: using role


Question: you specified the user?
Answer: i have fixed it xD user error, sorry.


Question: help <@145305657237700608>
Answer: you'll probably need to tell him what you need help with lmao


Question: When making a queue, how can I set the team sizes for each team to different amounts?
Answer: that is not supported currently


Question: that is not supported currently
Answer: Gotcha. I was honestly just wondering how these people made it this way


Question: I hate to keep asking the same questions, it just feels like I'm asking to be spoon-fed the answers which is basically what's happening right now.

I still can't figure out the sequence to make each role have different amounts. I originally thought it would be the setup or startqueue command, set it to 2 teams of 6 players each, then setting the roles to Field and Goalkeeper. Am I missing something, or do I have the whole sequence wrong?
Answer: it should be like `/roles Goalkeeper,Field,Field,Field,Field,Field`


Question: it should be like `/roles Goalkeeper,Field,Field,Field,Field,Field`
Answer: Lord. I guess I'm too dull to guess that lol.


Question: Is there a way to randomly assign 1 out of the 4 players from the popped que to be the required 'outcome' reporter after the que terminates?
Answer: no, the winner vote will be a majority vote


Question: And my second question is can 2 pugs run simultaneously without messing up the stats/leaderboards
Answer: yes there is no limit to concurrent games


Question: i saw you're able to set your ign with the bot but how do you view peoples ign? and is their a way to make the bot change a users discord name to their uplay once teams are created or even when the queue vc is made
Answer: no there isn’t a way to check IGN on demand currently, it’s just when teams are made. also no way to nickname using it


Question: to ping a certain role that the que is almost full
Answer: yes /need


Question: I'm not seeing any maps when i do /map remove
Answer: you have them added?


Question: no there isn’t a way to check IGN on demand currently, it’s just when teams are made. also no way to nickname using it
Answer: do you think that's something you may add in the future. it could be convenient to do /ign and @ the player to see their name if they've added one


Question: you have them added?
Answer: worked, just didnt show in the que channel


Question: can i set a lot of autopings for different roles + queue sizes?
Answer: not currently


Question: When would the monthly mmr reset occur?
Answer: midnight UTC


Question: hey can we get a way to show people who never played a game in the leaderboard without being forced to add a game played to everyone?
Answer: not currently, it would be nice to add a customization for that


Question: 
Answer: yea it’s cuz people are clicking the button


Question: cuz 2000 elos gain 30 when they beat like a 700 elo
Answer: change the /mmr change variance


Question: <@145305657237700608> how to reset the points
Answer: use /set points


Question: how to configure it for valorant?
Answer: you can use the code in <#1068605714098049054> or make your own


Question: how do i get premium and how much is it
Answer: on the website if you login (you already have premium)


Question: im getting an error when I use this command, trying to see how many games we've played today
Answer: i see that, i'll add a fix tomorrow


Question: Can somebody help me on how i can do this?
Answer: `/requireign`


Question: Is there a way to check how many games in total have been played in a certain queue?
Answer: `/serverstats info`


Question: <@857633321064595466> goldenrule
Answer: All stats are tied to the queue name!
If queues have the same name, they will share the same leaderboard!
Otherwise, the stats are totally separate!


Question: ah right, forgot to change that
Answer: This fixed now? Or will it not be working for a good while


Question: how does decay work for neatq, is it based on if you play a game or only if you are in q within the timeframe?
Answer: you need a game played to reset the decay cooldown


Question: Unexpected error occured
Join the Support Server for more information!
Error code: YSWKR ?
Answer: was it only with 1 person?


Question: cause i have around 60-70 active players in queue, but in points leaderboard it shows around 200 people
Answer: ok, i can make it work tomorrow


Question: is there an example of how the brackets look when you create a tourney
Answer: ill get one


Question: I want to show the MMR on names in my server and I tried to configure the command but looks like it doesn't work, Nobody has his mmr next to his name on the discord, do you have a solution? Thanks 🙂
Answer: what did you try?


Question: is there an example of how the brackets look when you create a tourney
Answer: https://www.neatqueue.com/bracket/505102060119916545/Testing


Question: what did you try?
Answer: I tried the command /ratinginname toggle => active and then /ratinginname format => same as default setting


Question: https://www.neatqueue.com/bracket/505102060119916545/Testing
Answer: are we able to edit them for example creating groups, or adjusting seeding ?


Question: seeding is based off the teams average MMR
Answer: I see only reason im asking is because im thinking of hosting a tournament and since the bot itself works perfect for me, the tournament bracket would have been a plus when it comes to hosting them. keeps everything close within each other.


Question: player stats are never deleted unless you specifically do it
Answer: i was messing around with it a little last night but the leaderboard would only show in the queue, but when i ended the queue there was no leaderboard


Question: <@857633321064595466> goldenrule
Answer: All stats are tied to the queue name!
If queues have the same name, they will share the same leaderboard!
Otherwise, the stats are totally separate!


Question: it should nickname when people join the queue
Answer: No, it didn't work, I tried to reisntall the queue into another channel to try again. I set everything by default to be sure, then I did /ratinginname format '- ($)' suffix and then the /ratinginname toggle 'enable' but it didn't work


Question: And make it keep track of for example Goals and Assists?
Answer: there is no option for that


Question: <@145305657237700608> Can I make my bot where it chooses teams by roles?
Answer: yes /roles or /balanceby


Question: Does anyone know how to add a "flex" role for League of Legends? When I add it, it automatically changes the team size to 6, I know it works because a different server I'm in does it perfectly fine for a different game
Answer: im not aware of any way to do that, its definitely not an intentional thing


Question: Also. When the players join the voice channels and they get the options of team captains/balancing etc what happens if more than one person clicks an option?
Answer: its a majority vote


Question: Sure, that would be if you don't want to use NeatQueue's MMR system, yes
Answer: What would happen if a player had more than one of those roles? Would it rank them on the highest? Sorry for all the questions


Question: I am using this in a Valorant server. Anyway to configure the maps so it picks one to play or not?
Answer: if you want to ban map by map, just add maps with /map add and set /map bans


Question: Hi, can somebody help me to move some credits from one server to another?
Answer: sorry somehow missed your DM, yea i can do that


Question: Also, if you chose to do rematch will it keeps the team the same or is there an option to remake teams with the same players?
Answer: its the same teams


Question: How to fix this?
Answer: im assuming you have no points


Question: Is there any way to set what voice channel it kicks everyone in to once the game has ended?
Answer: `/lobbychannel set`


Question: Hey <@145305657237700608> 
Is it possible to check how many queue bans are active rn? If no, could it be added?
Answer: `/player banlist`


Question: looks fine, what command?
Answer: It worked fine afterwards, sorry for the late reply


Question: Is there a way to make it so if a player misses a queue, they get banned from queuing for like 2 hours or something?
Answer: /player autoban


Question: Hey, is there any way to figure out why some players start with negative mmr (-100) in their rank sometimes?
Answer: that would be strange, unless you have that as a starting mmr


Question: that would be strange, unless you have that as a starting mmr
Answer: i'm starting to think it's because I removed some players from their role for inactivity, and when they've been given the role again they might start with -100


Question: hey, is there a command for reversing a result?
Answer: /outcome


Question: Neatz how many upvotes we need on the last Suggestion to get accepted
Answer: it’s already accepted i just don’t have time to work on it


Question: is there any way to have a message that shows how many Q's are going on at a time?
Answer: not currently no


Question: how can l close vote system
Answer: you can't fully disable it, but its a majority vote, so it should be the correct voted result


Question: How come my queue isn’t staying at the bottom anymore
Answer: it was working fine last night and i get on today and the queues are being pushed up unable to be seen now


Question: its not down, sometimes this does happen to some channels though, can you try /clearqueue?
Answer: anything else i can try? i wanna try to figure this out so ppl can play again


Question: anything else i can try? i wanna try to figure this out so ppl can play again
Answer: ill restart the bot, that has fixed it in the past


Question: lmk whenever u do and ill see if it fixed
Answer: fixed?


Question: staff can always the force the vote
Answer: how can l set up only staff


Question: you cannot
Answer: l need only Mmr system


Question: Can I transfer member MMR data for a queue to a different server? My main server is getting really popular for custom games, and I'm wanting to make a dedicated server just for custom games, but I don't want to lose the data for my members.
Answer: i can transfer the data when you need


Question: how can l close voice channel requirement
Answer: /voicechannels


Question: Hello <@145305657237700608> 
I have a question about leadeboards. 
If I post 2 leaderboards from 1 queue in different channels, they will share /ignoreroles?
Answer: if they both refer to the same queue, it will use the same config


Question: /voicechannels
Answer: now working


Question: <@857633321064595466> goldenrule
Answer: All stats are tied to the queue name!
If queues have the same name, they will share the same leaderboard!
Otherwise, the stats are totally separate!


Question: Id like to run 3 different channels on the same elo system. Would this be possible?
-What I want to do is divide my player base into 3 different skill groups (3 different channels) on the same elo system.
-Ping when you respond so I can see it please.
Answer: yup this is very common


Question: "All stats are tied to the queue name!
If queues have the same name, they will share the same leaderboard!
Otherwise, the stats are totally separate!"

I think this might answer my question
Answer: just name all the queues like it says, then all the stats will be shared between the queues


Question: I have a question, how long does it hold data? Is it based off a number of games or a timeframe? And can stats be manually put in?
Answer: what data?


Question: I don't get it. I want to do basic rating for my server, however I think I am doing something wrong. We played two matches, today I wanted to check my stats and everything is default.
Answer: what server?


Question: Are you asking me specifically about the server? Should I give you its id or something?
Answer: sure or the name


Question: when i do / stats theirs a part that says points. what are those for?
Answer: points are a separate system, which you gain for playing and can use in predictions


Question: How can does the api work? I saw that there is a generate api token in the docs but nothihg happens when its clicked
Answer: https://docs.neatqueue.com/#/?id=webhooks-generatetoken


Question: https://docs.neatqueue.com/#/?id=webhooks-generatetoken
Answer: Alr, and for example I want to send a request to the api to set a winner, what do I write at the team, numbers or team name


Question: anyway to have it so this bot moves people automatically to a vc? if not anyone know of a bot that can do this?
Answer: if you mean to the lobby channel, you can use /lobbychannel pullall


Question: Alr, and for example I want to send a request to the api to set a winner, what do I write at the team, numbers or team name
Answer: if you aren’t creating some external integration, you shouldn’t use the API


Question: if you aren’t creating some external integration, you shouldn’t use the API
Answer: Yea I want the server's bot to be able to do it so that I will be able to create moderation roles without giving all the permissions


Question: but also, you should be able to rely on people the select the correct winner since it’s a majority vote
Answer: Yea but you know, there can be some trollers


Question: sure or the name
Answer: 530765150530043914


Question: i see you changed queue names a bunch, stats are tied to the queue name
Answer: What if I used startfromvc to create a queue? Is there a chance to recover this data?


Question: Without having people vote on how teams are seperated could we have it balanced by default? In normal PUG queues
Answer: yup just use /teamselection


Question: yup just use /teamselection
Answer: hello


Question: could you elaborate more?
Answer: what do i have to do to get only a specific role to join


Question: oh, use /rolerequirement
Answer: and  whats map selection


Question: and  whats map selection
Answer: /map add


Question: is there a way to disable the voting flag in the anticheat
Answer: bump


Question: its there a way to remove queues?
Answer: it will be /endqueue


Question: it will be /endqueue
Answer: does it remove it? because i did alot of test queues and i want to remove them


Question: does it remove it? because i did alot of test queues and i want to remove them
Answer: yes you will be able to create a new queue in the same channel after


Question: but you will need to delete the messages
Answer: which messages?


Question: Are you talking about the matches, or the main queue itself?
Answer: the matches


Question: or just leave them, it doesnt hurt
Answer: thank youuu very muchh, how do i rename a queue??


Question: thank youuu very muchh, how do i rename a queue??
Answer: /queuename


Question: Hey, I wanted to know if I can disable register with game to give mmr higher than starting mmr set in the queue, and how the anti cheat works?
Answer: you can disable register with /requireregister if thats what you mean?


Question: Can you auto ping only 1 role when a queue is made? Or is 2 possible?
Answer: currently its just 1 role


Question: How can I change the amount of time before players are allowed to vote for the winner?
Answer: yes `/timer winnervotemessage`


Question: currently its just 1 role
Answer: Is it possible to add that as a feature? Autoping multiple roles when a queue is made?


Question: i can add that today
Answer: I would love that


Question: I wanted to create a second queue for better player, so they can play without getting jeopardized from bad players, but I wanted it to be limited so that they would still be mixed up from time to time
Answer: you can lock and unlock queue in specific times


Question: btw is it possible for ranks to show on the leaderboard? or just mmr
Answer: you cant show ranks, it might be cool to allow you to set images for each rank, and I could make those show on the leaderboard perhaps


Question: you cant show ranks, it might be cool to allow you to set images for each rank, and I could make those show on the leaderboard perhaps
Answer: we are using emojis for ranks in the server

<:Platinum:1095631445734719518> = platinum
<:Diamond:915721484876541992> = diamond
<:Master:915721504023515176> = master etc


Question: How would i go about setting up a simple queue system? Like i start the queue and players click join and it puts them in a 5v5 scenario on random teams?
Answer: `/setup`


Question: Is there a way for the tournament mode to balance by role like the normal queue? For example 4 teams of 5 which allows 20 random people to sign up and then the bot makes the 4 teams?
Answer: you can config a tournament the same way you do a queue


Question: is there a way to make it so you can give priorty captains to people
Answer: you can use `/captains role`


Question: you can use `/captains role`
Answer: is there premium stuff i can pay for to get premium features


Question: all features are free, premium just lets you unlock high caps on daily games, max players, and max queues
Answer: ah i thought there might be a way to configure starting elo between roles


Question: as staff you can use `/outcome cancel`
Answer: how do you make it so mmr is automatically on as default


Question: how do you make it so mmr is automatically on as default
Answer: The Enable vs Disable thing?


Question: automatically its enabled
Answer: `/mmr change allow_disable allow_disable:False `


Question: the only other temporary approach would be to changing the /startingmmr for each of the roles
Answer: Would I then need to balance based on MMR instead of the actual role then?


Question: yea
Answer: Do you think it would work if I split the top ranks with some fake/blank roles? Like this:


Question: Hey I had an issue yesterday night, we did a queue and at the end we voted for the winning team (logic) but the bot attributed the points at the other team... any idea on that? Or something to fix it manually?
Answer: Can you override the result with this?


Question: Do you think it would work if I split the top ranks with some fake/blank roles? Like this:
Answer: that would be a solution actually


Question: that would be a solution actually
Answer: Awesome, ty


Question: is the map randomizer bugged or sum
Answer: same with random teams


Question: anyway, what is a global queue? is it something like you can play with other servers or what? if not is there an option to gather your party and play with some random people from other servers that use this bot?
Answer: globalqueue lets your queue share a leaderboard with other servers


Question: 
Answer: startqueue is a staff command


Question: how can l change this
Answer: wdym?


Question: wdym?
Answer: l want it 3v3


Question: startqueue is a staff command
Answer: oh okay so only staff can access the setup que stuff


Question: thx
Answer: /forcestart


Question: /forcestart
Answer: can you say me how l will reset the match


Question: perhaps there should be a map selection mode which uses the "least frequent" map each time
Answer: is this a feature yet


Question: no lmao
Answer: bro it has done bind for like 10 games now


Question: what server?
Answer: my server


Question: vanguard customs
Answer: you can send the config with /save and ill test it, but im sure its just unlucky


Question: you can send the config with /save and ill test it, but im sure its just unlucky
Answer: MCNHO


Question: how you making money
Answer: i dont make much LOL


Question: hey, did you change anything with the leaderboards on the site? They don't appear properly to me
Answer: what link?


Question: but it's basically any leaderboard, it just stops scrolling at 11th position
Answer: oh, you are right


Question: Is it possible to start a queue from voice chat and start it with random teams without any confirmation, etc.? Clicking through Join Queue, going to the voice channel of the queue, voting how the teams should be drawn, then confirming if the teams are correct over and over again is just tedious
Answer: all of that is customizable


Question: all of that is customizable
Answer: but is it possible to change the startfromvc command? i mean that it takes data from a queue named Game and not from queue Example, is it possible to set this somehow? if so with what command?


Question: can l add automatic ranked roles
Answer: yes with /autoroles


Question: hmm i can make it take an optional arg for the queue name
Answer: would be great, how long will it take to add such functionality?


Question: Where is the integrations page?
Answer: server settings


Question: would be great, how long will it take to add such functionality?
Answer: maybe today


Question: is it possible that a match name will be with an emoji?
Answer: not currently


Question: Hiya, was wondering if there was a way to rollback the mmr gain/loss from a game? I don't wanna bother the people in charge of the server if it's not possible but people voted for a game before it even started because they wanted to cancel the queue and now, without playing a game, we're lost/gained points respectively <:sadcatto:611977737288286214>
Answer: you should be able to use /outcome cancel


Question: maybe today
Answer: and how is it going?


Question: and how is it going?
Answer: forgot, ill do it today


Question: is there a way where i can do 2 ign such if i create one for valorant and other for overwatch ?
Answer: yea, if they are different queues, its different IGNs


Question: and how is it going?
Answer: if there is a queue in the channel you use the command, it will use that queue


Question: 
Answer: i mean this


Question: ill fix it so if the queue exists, it skips all setup
Answer: will it be done today?


Question: yes with `/lobbychannel pullall`
Answer: is there a section for modes such as in overwatch they have different modes for different maps


Question: possible to make the voice channels/channels in a different category then the queue?
Answer: yea /channel category


Question: when you add a map, you can specify the gamemode
Answer: so i can't section them so captain can't choose gamemodes then map ?


Question: ah thanks, that’s annoying lol
Answer: I'd be happy with a list of curl requests, or even an Insomnia collection (this would be the best)


Question: what does it mean by parent category
Answer: parent is the default, same category


Question: how to remove this ?
Answer: it’s /reshuffle


Question: is it possible to send players to the queue vc automatically when it starts? if so, what is the command for it?
Answer: /lobbychannel pullall


Question: is there anyway to remove the auto mute feature from the spectator role?
Answer: when you add the role, there is an optional arg called can_speak


Question: when you add the role, there is an optional arg called can_speak
Answer: umm for some reason its not working? not sure if its bugged or if im doing it wrong. im doing can_speak true and people are still coming into the call muted


Question: perhaps
Answer: how is the work going?


Question: /lobbychannel pullall
Answer: ty! and another question is there a possible way to reset stats completely for /serverstat info? (like games played)


Question: ty! and another question is there a possible way to reset stats completely for /serverstat info? (like games played)
Answer: not via a command, the games played thing is never deleted


Question: ill fix it so if the queue exists, it skips all setup
Answer: i haven't stopped waiting brother


Question: can i skip it?
Answer: /teamselection


Question: /teamselection
Answer: thanks


Question: Looking at the tournament options it only seems to let you sign up with a party? Is there a way to set it up so individual players can join and then the bot makes the teams?
Answer: no, it does not support forming random teams currently


Question: my leaderboard link doesn't work but /leaderboard for the queue name works
Answer: hmm that is strange


Question: hey, just tried Hero bans. Wanna know, is it possible for the Voice channels to be created and the teams moved into their own voice channels before the hero ban voting phase starts? Right now from what I saw, the agent  bans also happen when everyones in the common voice channel
Answer: Yup you can use `/voicechannels moveteam when:After Teams Created `


Question: question how do yu add map bans and map picks for the games
Answer: `/map add`


Question: I have set up the custom roles that get assigned to top players. I wanted to assign roles to the top 3 in the leaderboard and when I set it up it all worked, however, this morning someone else moved in to 3rd place. The role was removed from the previous 3rd place but the new 3rd place wasn't given the role. Is this a bug or am I doing something wrong?
Answer: maybe cant assign roles to that user? otherwise not sure


Question: I have set up the custom roles that get assigned to top players. I wanted to assign roles to the top 3 in the leaderboard and when I set it up it all worked, however, this morning someone else moved in to 3rd place. The role was removed from the previous 3rd place but the new 3rd place wasn't given the role. Is this a bug or am I doing something wrong?
Answer: can try /autoroles refresh to give the bot another try


Question: how do i remove this from popping up
Answer: /voteforresult False if you dont want the match to have a winner


Question: and what perms does the bot need 🙂
Answer: everything it asks for when you invite it needs at some point


Question: not automatically, but you can manually lock with /lock
Answer: Sorry one more question. If my queue fills up but then 1 person doesn't join the VC the other 9 players get returned to the queue, but what happens if 2+ people have already joined the queue while they were forming the first group? Would one of the original 9 lose their spot?


Question: Sorry one more question. If my queue fills up but then 1 person doesn't join the VC the other 9 players get returned to the queue, but what happens if 2+ people have already joined the queue while they were forming the first group? Would one of the original 9 lose their spot?
Answer: the first 9 go straight to the front of the queue


Question: ah I was hoping for an automatic option, no worries. Thanks
Answer: i dont really see the value in it since then you just have the same 10 people playing


Question: i dont really see the value in it since then you just have the same 10 people playing
Answer: Yeah I get that. We are having issues where a game needs to get cancelled because of 1 player but then because they aren't returned to the queue automatically there are always a few extras already queueing for the next one so inevitably some people from the original group lose their places


Question: is it possible to turn off party's
Answer: yup /partyqueue


Question: Also is there a way to make it where you can’t select the same person twice for captain? Each person has 2 votes and they can pick the same person twice
Answer: i should probably fix it so you cant select the same option twice


Question: probably need to reset stats, if they already have an MMR it won’t change
Answer: Does '/resetstats all' reset the leaderboard?


Question: probably need to reset stats, if they already have an MMR it won’t change
Answer: If they already have MMR do I have to close old queue and set up a new one then?


Question: If they already have MMR do I have to close old queue and set up a new one then?
Answer: you need to reset the stats of whoever you want


Question: Hello!
Maybe this has come up and I didn't search correctly or click around enough. But what is the deal with the ID instead of the name and how would I find/know who this person is?
Answer: it’s a discord issue, means your client hasn’t seen any data about that user in the session


Question: I have set it up to balance on MMR now and everyone is assigned a ranked role with a different starting MMR to keep it balanced. However in doing this it means the highest rank players are automatically at the top of the leaderboard because they start with so much MMR.  A radiant could have lost 2 games but be ahead of someone that is plat but won 2 games. I was wondering if it’s possible to view the leaderboard in a way that shows your wins v loss without the mmr? So someone that has won 2 and lost 1 would be above someone that has won 1 lost 1 no matter their mmr/rank
Answer: no, there isnt a way to do that since everything is based around MMR


Question: MMR is the fairest when everyone starts at the same MMR
Answer: I think when everyone is at same rank/skill level definitely. We have Silver players and Semi pros in the same lobbies sometimes


Question: I think when everyone is at same rank/skill level definitely. We have Silver players and Semi pros in the same lobbies sometimes
Answer: sure, but since the worse players will drop faster, the matches will get fairer


Question: Trynna use mmrdecay. Lets say I want decay to start for 3 days of inactivity. 

So basically I need to use the command and set 259200 as the seconds for the duration (72 hours)? Trying to make sure 😄
Answer: yup exactly


Question: hola alguien que me pueda ayudar a poner el neat queue en mi server?
Answer: puedes usar /setup y hacer preguntas si tienes


Question: Hello I have been playing around with the bot - BTW great work.

any feedback on how to set up the following.

1v1 Q

Lights - Meds - Heavy - Ass  are the class base, but want only lights to play Lights ect ect
Answer: i would set up 3 different queues, one for each role


Question: thanks about 8 bucks AUD cheers for your help i play around with it
Answer: you can get 3 queues in the free tier 🙂


Question: you can get 3 queues in the free tier 🙂
Answer: Cheers always like to support the bots we use 🙂


Question: Is there a way to turn off team select for 1v1
Answer: /teamselection


Question: /teamselection
Answer: Is there a way to get rid of are the team valid and just skip it ? or i am doing it wrong


Question: Is there a way to get rid of are the team valid and just skip it ? or i am doing it wrong
Answer: disable /reshuffle


Question: And the only other thing i cant work out if I am doing it wrong or it cant be done 

can this be set up to like a map ban or teams have to pick which option they want to do  ( out of 4 choices, not just one team picks)
Answer: change the team voting to all teams then


Question: Is there a way to make it so that these channels are visible to a specific role?
Answer: you can use the /spectatorrole to let people see it


Question: Is this bot open source?
Answer: not currently


Question: we need a party against party queue
Answer: change queue type to Full Team vs Full Team


Question: np
Answer: Thanks that worked.

Hopefully i am not bugging you TOO much, this bot is amazing 🙂

last two question from now 

rematch, is there a setting that both players have to agree ?

and can you do two map bans or is there a mode ban ( that works like a map ban) - have 4 modes and would like to ban 3


Question: Thanks that worked.

Hopefully i am not bugging you TOO much, this bot is amazing 🙂

last two question from now 

rematch, is there a setting that both players have to agree ?

and can you do two map bans or is there a mode ban ( that works like a map ban) - have 4 modes and would like to ban 3
Answer: rematches require all players to agree


Question: Thanks that worked.

Hopefully i am not bugging you TOO much, this bot is amazing 🙂

last two question from now 

rematch, is there a setting that both players have to agree ?

and can you do two map bans or is there a mode ban ( that works like a map ban) - have 4 modes and would like to ban 3
Answer: you can do any number of map bans


Question: So I'm trying to do a staffchannelset and it tells me the neatqueue doesnt have manage channels permissions, Ive double checked and know that it does. Any ideas?
Answer: it must be missing the perm somewhere, is it just that command?


Question: you can do any number of map bans
Answer: How do you set up the second map pool


Question: it must be missing the perm somewhere, is it just that command?
Answer: not just that command but ive check it has the perm for both the channel and the full server


Question: wdym
Answer: Is there a map ban option for something like a mode ban.. eg you ban a mode till you get down to 1 left?


Question: Is there a map ban option for something like a mode ban.. eg you ban a mode till you get down to 1 left?
Answer: ah, no there is no mode banning


Question: i can manually do it, but you cant via any commands
Answer: If that's possible can I dm you the server info


Question: ah, no there is no mode banning
Answer: Thanks does any of the voting menus have the ability to work like the map ban, if not would be a cool feature:)


Question: i've just gotten an error code as well, XKYAR
Answer: missing perms in the predictions channel


Question: do u have the option to take back action/ keep data? i accidentally restart the queue so now the stats are gone
Answer: stats are never deleted, but they are stored under the queue name. just rename your queue back to the old name


Question: Thanks does any of the voting menus have the ability to work like the map ban, if not would be a cool feature:)
Answer: yes custom votingmenus can function the same


Question: Just curious if there's a way to have the queue set up in a channel '#inhouse-signup' but have the updated information of that queue be displayed in a private staff channel? As in, We would see the same interface where it shows players that have joined the queue. Also i'm curious if there's a way to have the temporary text and voice channels that open when the queue is full, to be renamed to something you choose?
Answer: sorry, cannot do either of those things


Question: ah damn, yeah that'd be helpful to have
Answer: ill update in a bit to add it


Question: Is there a way to see everyone's MMR including people that aren't currently on the leaderboard?
Answer: not really, unless you used the API


Question: disable map bans
Answer: How do I? I tried


Question: Here’s an example
Answer: hmmm


Question: yes custom votingmenus can function the same
Answer: Is there anymore infomation you could give me on how to set that up, ATM with 4 choices Team 1 getting a choice and team 2 is getting another choice unsure how to end on one only


Question: also, set an options_variable, that way the next Mech Ban will reuse the existing options
Answer: aww got ya


Question: also, set an options_variable, that way the next Mech Ban will reuse the existing options
Answer: with this what would you set ?


Question: hi neatz please help
the queue disappears before players can vote for winner team, how can i fix this
Answer: did you disable vote for results?


Question: 
Answer: yes that message is delete


Question: <@145305657237700608> is restricting who has the ability to decide the winner of matches something you're considering implementing?
Answer: yea didn’t get the chance to finish


Question: <@145305657237700608> Anyway i can stop people from queueing while their match is ongoing?
Answer: <@145305657237700608>


Question: but people cant queue until they've voted for the winner by default
Answer: They can't?


Question: but the command is /requeue condition
Answer: Ahh Thanks Man


Question: 
Answer: Gotchu ❤️


Question: i have 2 different game modes, solo and trios and i want both to have separate mmr. Is that possible?
Answer: no, the queue will all be the same MMR per player


Question: is there restrictions for free version of neat bot
Answer: free tier is 50 games a day, 3 different queues, 500 players total


Question: yes
Answer: unfortunately i dont have access to credit cards, can i pay you 1 year premium with crypto instead? or other payments like OMT? (im still exploring the bot and havent decided yet)


Question: wdym how to set placements if they already played?
Answer: what I mean is that in my queue there are already people with matches played, however, I would like to reset the overall mmr, but leave the number of matches. In that case, the players after the mmr reset should play 10 placement matches, but it may conflict with the fact that they already have the number of matches above 10


Question: right, if you dont delete the games played, they wont get a placement multiplier
Answer: ok, so I should just reset all the stats for queue?


Question: also, the placement multiplier is small, so its not a huge deal
Answer: can it be changed somehow or is it impossible?


Question: why would you not want to reset everything?
Answer: by the way, it is possible to simply change the name of the queue and thus reset the statistics?


Question: and is it possible that players at placements will not lose mmr if they lose?  League of Legends thing
Answer: no its an up + down thing


Question: yup, changing queue name will seem like it reset the stats
Answer: cool, will the automatic ranks then apply to the current queue with the name changed?


Question: Question how do I setup that after every match instead of the bot just kicking everyone out it moves them all to a certain vc
Answer: `/lobbychannel set`


Question: I already run the set u
Answer: if you follow the setup thats all you need


Question: Is there a way to make it so when a queue pops, people with a certain role will be able to see the queue channel
Answer: you can add a /spectatorrole


Question: Hi anyone available?
Answer: sure i am


Question: you can add a /spectatorrole
Answer: will this give access to the queue text channel?


Question: sure i am
Answer: how do I integrate neatqueue with my own csgo server?


Question: like when I select map the server change itself after the voting
Answer: there is no in-game integration


Question: there is no in-game integration
Answer: do you know different one?


Question: its been asked a few times, but you can do that, why would you want it?
Answer: because our server was only limited we got only 1 server as of now.


Question: Hello everyone and <@145305657237700608>. I would like to ask some questions.

1- I don't want to vote balanced, highest mmr, random. It should be balanced like closest MMRs
2- Voting for winner team should be off. Loser team captain should vote for winner teams and that's it. We can't wait for +6 players vote
3- What's the difference between MMR and Point for this bot?
Answer: 1) `/teamselection`
2) Currently there is no captains only winner voting, its either whatever you have set for `/requiredvotes`, or changed with `/winnermessage results`
3) MMR is the built in elo system, points are a separate thing gained per game and can be used in predictions


Question: 1) `/teamselection`
2) Currently there is no captains only winner voting, its either whatever you have set for `/requiredvotes`, or changed with `/winnermessage results`
3) MMR is the built in elo system, points are a separate thing gained per game and can be used in predictions
Answer: Thanks. How can I disable `/requiredvotes` and if I disable voting how `/winnermessage results` work?


Question: I see, so which command is it to set it as only staff can select the winner?
Answer: that command is gone, use the new one


Question: Unexpected error occured
Join the Support Server for more information!
Error code: YLXXD
Answer: looks like you made your lobbychannel timer some insanely huge number? just make it smaller


Question: is 10k good?
Answer: yea thats fine, even 100000000 is fine


Question: how does it know who is staff though?
Answer: /staffrole


Question: any way to have the leaderboards display in a separate channel?
Answer: yup you might need to use /link


Question: <@145305657237700608> is there any way to restart a queue, with its setting, that has been stopped with /endqueue and the person who did it didnt note the code for the saved configuration.
Answer: when you /endqueue it should say the config code in the message it sends


Question: Any way to fix this?
Answer: if you copy the discord link to the URL is it broken?


Question: when you /endqueue it should say the config code in the message it sends
Answer: Yeah I know, if I'd have done it myself I would've noted the code. But the other admin who did it didn't note it


Question: i must be doing something wrong
Answer: check your /info, on page 1 is says "Staff Results Channel", which is the queue specific version


Question: Yeah I know, if I'd have done it myself I would've noted the code. But the other admin who did it didn't note it
Answer: did they delete the message?


Question: 
Answer: whats the channel id actually, will be easier


Question: whats the channel id actually, will be easier
Answer: 1073429529751728190


Question: enterprise premium plan is a permanent one-time charge, or a monthly subscription?
Answer: Just wondering, but have u considered a permanent plan?


Question: perhaps, although its not exactly a monthly subscription since there are no reoccurring payments or anything, you can extend your premium for an entire year whenever
Answer: Yeah that’s true, is buying credits via the website a way to extend it to yearly?


Question: Customs TNE -
Answer: Customs TNE -


Question: np 😄
Answer: Works perfectly. 🙏


Question: hi, what's up, how can i manage to select each time size? i want to make a queue for a football game and the teams are of 6 players, 5 players and 2 goalkeepers (12), how can i do that?
Answer: you can use `/roles`


Question: you can use `/roles`
Answer: thank you, and how can i make players 10 and goalkeepers 2?


Question: thank you, and how can i make players 10 and goalkeepers 2?
Answer: /roles roles: Goalkeeper, Player, Player, Player, Player, Player


Question: is there a way to have a reaction that players can react to an announcement with, that'll give them a role?
Answer: you can use `/reactionroles`


Question: does the queue i set won't expire?
Answer: nope it will run forever


Question: <@145305657237700608> how do I take away this part of the bot?
Answer: `/teamselection`


Question: then what?
Answer: /teamselection press enter


Question: ohhh that makes sense
Answer: should be good now


Question: is there a way to set a map pool?
Answer: `/map add`


Question: Does the monthly leaderboard have a soft mmr reset instead of starting all over?
Answer: you can do either "Reset" (hard reset), or "Rolling" which does not reset at all


Question: how do i send the winner message to a different channelsw
Answer: `/resultschannel`


Question: Lobby details
Answer: `/lobbydetails`


Question: thank you 🙏
Answer: ill update when i wake up 🙂


Question: How does the party system work? So if people in a party join queue, will they be on the same team or is it just only joining the queue with multiple people?
Answer: they will all be on the same team


Question: Also is there a way to gain points for predictions other than predicting? If a person goes to zero, is there another way to get points?
Answer: you gain points for playing a game, but this can be customized with /points


Question: Is there a way to customize the size of party allowed in a queue? Like for a 4v4 queue, I want to allow max parties of 2 to join.
Answer: yea `/partyqueue` has an optional max_size argument


Question: Quick question is there anyway to have cross sever queues?
Answer: queues themselves are strictly per channel, but you can share leaderboards via /globalqueues


Question: queues themselves are strictly per channel, but you can share leaderboards via /globalqueues
Answer: Ok so globalqueue only shares the leaderboard?


Question: hey i have couple of questions
1- is there a limit to nb of maps allowed to be created?

2- i see that players can create more than 1 party, what happens when 2 parties play against each other while they have a specific player in common ?
Answer: 1) no limit to maps
2) whoever joined first since you can only be in the queue once. if someone in your party is already in queue, it won’t let the party join


Question: Hey may seem kinda random but I been looking for a elo bot with this feature and just can’t find,

Is there anyway to start a que that allows any number of people to que up and then randomly selects the designated amount.

Example:
30 people que up,
Bot randomly picks 8 to play in the match
Answer: the only way i could see this sorta being achieved is via matchmaking or force starting the queue


Question: is there an option to disable Cleanup timer please?
Answer: you can change the timer with /timer matchcleanup


Question: Is it possible to queue unranked? (without losing or winning mmr?)
Answer: you can either disable it completely by just setting the mmr change to 0, or vote for MMR Disabled in the main team selection voting menu


Question: you can change the timer with /timer matchcleanup
Answer: yea but it's capped at 100 days , can you please check your DM ?


Question: its easier to just increase the timer vs adding logic to skip, so im increasing the cap to ~20,000 days
Answer: estimated time until this update please?


Question: estimated time until this update please?
Answer: its live


Question: Ah, any chance we can change that? Or add an option for it?
Answer: this is also live btw


Question: Heya! Glanced around at most channels and wasnt able to find a solution so do let me know if i asked around in the wrong spot

Essentially im trying to set up a config with the bot where i can have the following done:

```Player 1 (A) wants to start a game but needs someone to play with
A enters the queue and awaits another Player (B)

Once B selects the second team it automatically pings both of them to essentially say "Hey i've grabbed someone for you to play with"
```

So far ive set it up as seen below, but by disabling the winner vote they dont get pinged about team creation

Id rather not have to set up private channels for the same but my ideal scenario is to just have the channel with the actual queue be empty aside from the bot's initial queue message

(or have the results autocleared)

Is that something that can be done with this bot or did i cause confusion with what i intend to do
Answer: so its just a normal 1v1 queue?


Question: so its just a normal 1v1 queue?
Answer: I used "Select Team On Join:"
With 1 player on each team and 2 teams for this


Question: itll show a single Join Queue button, once the queue hits 2 people, it will create a match for them
Answer: Is there any setting that i can change in order to have these deleted?


Question: Is there any setting that i can change in order to have these deleted?
Answer: not currently at least since it shows the final teams + estimated mmr change


Question: do you not have winner voting?
Answer: Switched it off since i didn't really want it in that channel


Question: <@145305657237700608> how can i set a decay in mmr for every 4 days that someone won't play?
Answer: `/mmr decay`


Question: does mmr decay happen automatically or only if a player doesn't queue up? in 5 days?
Answer: <@145305657237700608>


Question: <@145305657237700608>
Answer: only if they don’t play a game


Question: so i dont need to use /add graceperiod anymore?
Answer: thats only if you want people to skip the decay


Question: thats only if you want people to skip the decay
Answer: wdym by skip the decay


Question: ^ like a team leaderboard for a queue with premade teams
Answer: there is currently no team based mmr, it’s all individual


Question: there is nothing that will randomly select players to play the match with though
Answer: Would it be hard to add something where you can start a que, then force start it, and it randomly picks people? Maybe have the ability to give certain roles increased odds


Question: Mhm just switched to that, threads + temp channels would be best 

Will also switch the result channel
Answer: Back again!

Enacted those changes (Config saved to ZPVFK)

Almost everything is good except for the double ping when the second user joins the queue, any way to disable it?


Question: hey is there a way to report a non drop - for what ever reason a drop did not take place ?
Answer: what’s a drop?


Question: Back again!

Enacted those changes (Config saved to ZPVFK)

Almost everything is good except for the double ping when the second user joins the queue, any way to disable it?
Answer: i don’t recall that being on purpose, i’ll test the code and see


Question: what’s a drop?
Answer: Sorry a match / game


Question: Sorry a match / game
Answer: what happened with it?


Question: Back again!

Enacted those changes (Config saved to ZPVFK)

Almost everything is good except for the double ping when the second user joins the queue, any way to disable it?
Answer: ah, this is an issue with using Threads i didnt realize, but i can fix it


Question: Thats great to hear!
Answer: fixed now


Question: what happened with it?
Answer: Like team 2 guys client crashed, is there a way for the players to report a canceled game


Question: Is it possible to set like a queue timer for the lock? Basically only want it to be unlocked 2 days a week or would I need to do it manually?
Answer: currently you can only lock at certain times, not certain days


Question: but its the only queue we have
Answer: Heis Hills?


Question: wdym does not happen with ELO
Answer: Is ELO not zero sum ?


Question: my resultschannel command is not working like i want to. I've set it to put results in match-history channel which neatqueue has access to but it still shows it in its queue chat
Answer: that would be the /staffchannel


Question: how would the hero be picked?
Answer: Atm this way - https://www.twitch.tv/videos/1808413634


Question: Atm this way - https://www.twitch.tv/videos/1808413634
Answer: i see, what would the alternative approach be?


Question: is that a thing u could add in the future? ik the bot is primarily focused on individual elo, but a team based mmr system would still be great
Answer: that woud be nice


Question: i see, what would the alternative approach be?
Answer: I think if we could have the same thing as map banning but custom would be great ( like could have 2/3 of them back to back )


Question: I think if we could have the same thing as map banning but custom would be great ( like could have 2/3 of them back to back )
Answer: you can use /hero or /votingmenu for more control


Question: Follow up question if i turn this on - /leaderboardconfig monthly, but have rolling as an option.. what will that output as ?
Answer: it will show monthly leaderboards, but there wont be any reset at the end of the month


Question: Currently the bot allows people to requeue once theyve individually voted for their previous match. Is there a way I can make it so the match vote has to be concluded and then they can requeue?
Answer: yep change the /requeue condition


Question: is their a way to show round outcome so if a team wins 13-7 it'll say that and the total rounds played in the winner message
Answer: not currently, matches are just won or loss, no other data there


Question: you can use /hero or /votingmenu for more control
Answer: Yeah I could not get it to output to the same as map ban, I try again tho


Question: it will show monthly leaderboards, but there wont be any reset at the end of the month
Answer: turning it on has killed our leader board - https://www.neatqueue.com/lb/MWOCOMP


Question: turning it on has killed our leader board - https://www.neatqueue.com/lb/MWOCOMP
Answer: hmm turning on monthly can be a bit strange since existing stats won’t be seen the same way as monthly stats


Question: does the leaderboard show a month in discord?
Answer: Yeah only the month


Question: if you can switch it to All Time
Answer: How do you do this


Question: i would just disable monthly sorry, i’m unable to investigate the issue
Answer: Yeah won’t send haha


Question: Hey, how do we get more specific elo gain/loss with as you get/lose elo?
Answer: yes you can customize the /mmr change


Question: how could i fix this. i made another server to use the bot in and it started not sticking to the bottom. its not messing up in my main server
Answer: it’s an issue that affects certain servers randomly, should be fixed now at least temporarily


Question: it’s an issue that affects certain servers randomly, should be fixed now at least temporarily
Answer: thats not what i was meaning


Question: What’s error code UFXRK
Answer: same as <#1079499165203177543>


Question: i was wondering if a mod could help me setup for my public discord, if theyre able to dm that would be great ty
Answer: unfortunately i cannot today


Question: unfortunately i cannot today
Answer: Would you be able to today


Question: hi how do i make it show how many people are currently in queue?
Answer: /need


Question: not very sure what you mean by that
Answer: it shows queue 1/10 here


Question: is there a way to remove someone from the leaderboard
Answer: you would have to reset their stats


Question: Would you be able to today
Answer: Would be easier if you could ask questions regarding confusion you face


Question: NeatQueue allows more free players than others
Answer: What do you mean with free players


Question: i’ve seen a cap of 100 players usually, i give 500
Answer: What do you mean with cap of 100 players


Question: on the leaderboard
Answer: Ok but can you name a another que bot that is free


Question: how is the initial mmr systen setup and how can i change it? i initially wanted the winning team to get +50 and loser to get +25, the mmr change set command didnt seem to do anything
Answer: that command would be the fix for it


Question: <@857633321064595466> goldenrule
Answer: All stats are tied to the queue name!
If queues have the same name, they will share the same leaderboard!
Otherwise, the stats are totally separate!


Question: <@145305657237700608> what determines a user as "being in the system" for the 1000 player max
Answer: if they have a game played


Question: i click opurchase and nothing happens
Answer: should open a new url


Question: is there another way to pay?
Answer: <@145305657237700608>


Question: <@145305657237700608>
Answer: no but i’ll check out why it’s not working


Question: no but i’ll check out why it’s not working
Answer: ight, lmk once it works again


Question: i’m not quite following
Answer: Currently this queue has a team size of 3, but the roles are *Goalie, Forward, Forward, Flex, Flex, Flex*, however if you load the queue and set the team size to 3 (same as it currently is...) it resets the roles, how did this queue config get it to work the way it currently works?


Question: after a game ends, is there a way to make it so people move to a certain vc? at one point in my discord this was working (when a game ended, people would be moved to a vc in a above category altogether). however, now it seems like once a game ends people arent moved to that vc. idk if i changed a setting or cause i changed something in my discord server.
Answer: that would be /lobbychannel set


Question: I wonder how this config is so scuffed where you can do the opposite of that lol
Answer: yea that would be unintentional iirc


Question: <@145305657237700608> on the leaderboard it shows only 200 people but it says we exceeded the 500 limit for free subscription
Answer: oops i said the wrong thing, it counts all players who currently have stats, which are first assigned upon queuing


Question: instead of joining the voice chat?
Answer: voice channel is optional u can disable it


Question: how do you have 1 leaderboard for two queues together?
Answer: Both Queues need the same name


Question: Both Queues need the same name
Answer: then how do you reset everyone’s stats


Question: who can i delete the map voting?
Answer: /map remove
Remove all your maps you add earlier


Question: but than i remove only 1 map
Answer: you can remove all with /map remove all


Question: any chance you can enable premium for my server manually and i send you the money elswhere?
Answer: <@145305657237700608>


Question: <@145305657237700608>
Answer: sure you can pay however you want


Question: How can I enable party queue? I've tried w /partyqueue enable but that just pops up the display if how I want to queue and when I click the options it doesn't do a6
Answer: create a party with /party create


Question: create a party with /party create
Answer: Doesn't work


Question: doesn’t work?
Answer: only this type of thing and then it stops doing the dot animation thingy


Question: does it say interaction failed?
Answer: this is what i see in order


Question: sure you can pay however you want
Answer: give me a paypal in the DMs


Question: 
Answer: if it doesn’t send the button click, and never says interaction failed, that would have to be discord related


Question: voice channel is optional u can disable it
Answer: i want people to check in


Question: What timezone does the bot use for monthly leaderboards?
Answer: it’s all UTC


Question: Like react to a message to confirm check in
Answer: currently there is no other way to do check ins besides enable/disable the voice channels


Question: When doing captains draft, is there a way to see what roles people queued for? Something like {DPS} IGN, {TANK} IGN?
Answer: if you used /roles that’s how it should show up


Question: <@145305657237700608> how do i make users only have user commands? whenever i enable application commands, users have access to not only admin commands for the neatqueue bot but also for all other bots (i have manage channel permissions off)
Answer: since the commands allow to be setup with staff roles, they can’t be hidden on my end (the discord API doesn’t support this) so you will need to manually hide them


Question: since the commands allow to be setup with staff roles, they can’t be hidden on my end (the discord API doesn’t support this) so you will need to manually hide them
Answer: how do u do that


Question: trying to reset the MMR but when i enter the command it asks for a queue name.. the leaderboard doesnt have a name... or queue name
Answer: if you type it in the queue channel, you don’t need to say the name


Question: us there a way so certain roles get more elo than others?
Answer: not currently


Question: How can you check who bans or unbans a person from Q?
Answer: you can check in the /logs


Question: Could someone here help me?
Answer: what with?


Question: the queue hasn't been sticking to the bottom since yesterday afternoon, figured it would fix itself by now but no luck
Answer: The work around I had to do was to /endqueue and then reload a saved config afterwards.


Question: can someone help me make a leaderboard using netqueue if anyone is available thank you
Answer: wdym?


Question: how do i force cancel a game?
Answer: /outcome cancel


Question: Is there a way to allow spectators role to talk in voice channels? currently it automutes and does not allow them to talk is there an admin permission that can overide this for certain users
Answer: when you add a spectator role you can set the can_speak argument


Question: hi
Is there a function to delete the number of people or names during the matching search?
I'm having trouble with people not making matches or quitting when they see the number of people in the search.
Answer: by default the matchmaking queue type will hide players, but you can toggle manually via /anonymousqueue


Question: is there a way to make which captain gets first pick RNG? between the two selected. I understand that 1st pick gets the best player but if there are 5 high elo closely rated players and 5 low players players 2nd pick gets 3 "good players" and first only gets 2
Answer: the first pick is always currently the player with less MMR


Question: by default the matchmaking queue type will hide players, but you can toggle manually via /anonymousqueue
Answer: Thank you.
It was very helpful!!

I have an additional question, is there a feature to be able to select the join button for solo or duo in the same matchmaking in a 5vs5 match?


Question: Thank you.
It was very helpful!!

I have an additional question, is there a feature to be able to select the join button for solo or duo in the same matchmaking in a 5vs5 match?
Answer: are you asking how to join as a duo?


Question: how can i fix this error code "KEFCN"
Answer: if you are testing, use /test and join multiple times


Question: can you set individual players mmrs ?
Answer: yes /set mmr


Question: players are getting banned even tho they're in the vc
Answer: I have the same issue


Question: Bot restart
Answer: this is done


Question: Hey, points system on my server is not working as i setuped, i mean it doesnt drop points from players who lost the match. Is there any way to fix this?

Also suffix format doesnt work for some players
Answer: It also gives a random mmr to the players who won the match, unlike what I did


Question: It also gives a random mmr to the players who won the match, unlike what I did
Answer: wdym random mmr


Question: did you modify the point rewards?
Answer: Yeah


Question: Doesnt drops points for losses, and gives 30 points for winners. Idk if i did right
Answer: also make sure you set /points change loss


Question: 
Answer: does the bot have permissions to rename them?


Question: random team
Answer: you can do random teams with /teamselection


Question: does the bot have permissions to rename them?
Answer: I give admin perms to bot


Question: is there anything moving the voice ?
Answer: the bot will automatically move to voice channels


Question: the bot will automatically move to voice channels
Answer: He doesn't


Question: im having a similar issue to this
https://discord.com/channels/505102060119916545/868549627652214794/1088259583044235375

basically i need to vote for the outcome of the match, but there is no option to vote for it
Answer: was the winner for the match already decided?


Question: hmm ok what server ID?
Answer: 1041942937610760282


Question: 1041942937610760282
Answer: try now?


Question: try now?
Answer: it works. thank you!


Question: looks like the image url is dead, click refresh?
Answer: i did still same


Question: Is there anyway I can give people an Unranked role, before a person enters the queue they get an auto role "Unranked" and then as soon as they queue a match the bot will automatically give them the "Silver" role or something like that...
Answer: you can use /autoroles mmr for giving specific roles based on mmr


Question: you could set the Unranked mmr threshold to be like -1000
Answer: the only issue of this is that if someone hits queue for the first time but then they back out they get the "silver" role and the "unranked" goes away


Question: Can staff roles without admin permissions change bot/queue settings?
Answer: yes, the required permission for the bot is Manage Channels, or have the /staffrole


Question: 
Answer: someone must have ended the queue, you need to either /load the config or do /setup


Question: Is it possible to add Valorant ranks in the que?  We run valorant 10 man, We always have the captains pick the players but sometimes the team is not fair. By the way, Thank you for this Bot.
Answer: do you mean assigning ranks based on MMR?


Question: Valorant Rank makes it easier to pick players based on their rank.  We have MMR enabled but it doesn't help with the new player cus we have MMR set to 1000.
Answer: there isn’t really a way since it’s a totally different rating system


Question: which would initialize player MMR using their valorant rating
Answer: Cool, I will try that next month. Is it possible to give the player a rank manually  next to the MMR ?  For example Jamesdean (1250) Gold     Jamesdean (1100) Plat   Jamesdean (950) Imm  Jamesdean (1155) Dia


Question: how do you fix this?
Answer: did you already vote?


Question: did you already vote?
Answer: it only needs 6 ppl to vote so they didnt vote but the winner was selected


Question: ok what server ID?
Answer: 1108101661441933472


Question: 1108101661441933472
Answer: ok should be good


Question: ok should be good
Answer: tysm


Question: no in pretty much every case it’ll just show the MMR
Answer: Thank you for your time and Help, I appreciated.


Question: how can I change the maps in my map choice from the config for rainbow six siege
Answer: /map remove and /map add


Question: Any way to resolve this?
Answer: someone banned you with /player ban


Question: 
Answer: it’s kinda like a subscription, you can extend your premium by 30 days


Question: The bot doesn't cancel the q after voting for cancellation. We have to do it manually. How can i fix it?
Answer: the vote had a majority saying yes?


Question: what’s ur config code
Answer: i dont have permission to do that


Question: its a recurring issue and requires a moderator to forcestart the queue
Answer: I am having the same issue


Question: if i set the points gained by a win why are people getting different mmr for winning?
Answer: MMR and Points are 2 different things.
The bot's default is 50 MMR and 100 points per win.
MMR won/loss varies slightly depending on the variance setting, which is 1600 by default.
If you want the MMR given to always be exactly 50, you need to enable the "Static" option using "/mmr change set".


Question: MMR and Points are 2 different things.
The bot's default is 50 MMR and 100 points per win.
MMR won/loss varies slightly depending on the variance setting, which is 1600 by default.
If you want the MMR given to always be exactly 50, you need to enable the "Static" option using "/mmr change set".
Answer: perfect explanation 🤝


Question: oh the bot is missing perms in your server
Answer: gave it to you


Question: do you have a list of exact perms required in its role?
Answer: the default ones it asks for when it joins the server


Question: <@145305657237700608> same thing happened again
Answer: 1108101661441933472 thats the server ID


Question: is there a way we can fix it on our end?
Answer: fixed


Question: I did edit category perms and then granted explicity the role (neatbot created one) and neatbot itself permissions to the category but it doesnt respect it?
Answer: Probably not necessary, but I recommend giving the bot Admin permission. I did it and have not had any further perms issues.


Question: so on my discord it is overprovisioned anyway, I do have /tempchannels
Answer: not related to your issue, its a different one


Question: lol
Answer: Sorry for spam lol


Question: don’t ping a ton of people wtff
Answer: My bad bro


Question: don’t ping a ton of people wtff
Answer: i would rename the role LMAO


Question: How to remove voice channel
Answer: /voicechannels mode


Question: /voicechannels mode
Answer: And how i turn off this?


Question: And how i turn off this?
Answer: /reshuffle


Question: /reshuffle
Answer: And how do i turn this off


Question: turn off game modes?
Answer: nah i want game modes to be there but i want that the bot chooses random which gamemode+ map


Question: nah i want game modes to be there but i want that the bot chooses random which gamemode+ map
Answer: change the /map selection


Question: change the /map selection
Answer: Thx also how do i add like ranks? And the mmr range for it


Question: Thx also how do i add like ranks? And the mmr range for it
Answer: that’s /autoroles


Question: right now, or like 15 hours ago?
Answer: based on the time that i sent the ss, its 3h+ ago during that time


Question: based on the time that i sent the ss, its 3h+ ago during that time
Answer: yea i would disable auto bans for now


Question: i banned some players from my discord and they're still on the leaderboard. can't use /resetstats player [user] because this command requires someone's @ to function properly, and since they are no longer in the discord i cannot @ them. how do i get players banned from my discord server off the neatq lbs?
Answer: you can use their discord ID to mention them, but the easiest fix is add @ everyone as a /rolerequirement


Question: wdym
Answer: U know u can vote for maps


Question: But can u vote for modes?
Answer: yes via /map selection


Question: yes via /map selection
Answer: K ill try


Question: 
Answer: hey im having this same issue on the same server, if you can help that'd be appreicated


Question: image if it helps
Answer: fixed


Question: <@145305657237700608> is it possible to change the name of team 1 and 2?
Answer: /teamnames


Question: is there a way to make the queues best of 3?
Answer: yup /bestof


Question: Is there a way to prevent the queue chat from being deleted when all players leave?
Answer: not currently at least


Question: how come you would want that?
Answer: This would actually be nice for my server as well. Sometimes players are messing around and leave the voice channel, then it gets deleted because they didnt know that would happen. Kind of breaks things since I dont want spectators to be allowed to speak and interfere with the game. Its only happened a handful of times for us, but if the channel didn't instantly delete it would prevent that


Question: can you add images to the queue ?
Answer: images for what?


Question: images for what?
Answer: a custom image, for like the game


Question: but that would be cool
Answer: yeah just to make it look nice, you know


Question: every time i try to forcestart a queue pops out a msg where it saying that the program is not responding
Answer: i must’ve missed something


Question: yep i can do the same thing
Answer: thank you! ❤️


Question: is there any command that prevents players with special role to join queue?
Answer: sorry didn’t see, but you can add a banned role


Question: I’m looking to purchase the enterprise plan, but it’s raining something about credits. Do I buy $30 worth of credits or 30 credits?
Answer: the premium plans are purchased using credits


Question: the premium plans are purchased using credits
Answer: So 30 credits?


Question: Don't see this in the docs - is there functionality to set a specific role to gain a multiplier (1.2x) mmr more than others?
Answer: no :/ but i do want to add that actually


Question: because people just keep rerolling until they get an OP team
Answer: In that case, just change the queue type and let everyone join with the team they want. Or you can also use the PUG queue type and set the bot to balance teams by MMR or roles.


Question: In that case, just change the queue type and let everyone join with the team they want. Or you can also use the PUG queue type and set the bot to balance teams by MMR or roles.
Answer: Alright, thank you!


Question: In that case, just change the queue type and let everyone join with the team they want. Or you can also use the PUG queue type and set the bot to balance teams by MMR or roles.
Answer: yea or just disable reshuffling lol


Question: I was wondering, how do you setup the bot, where I can choose teams with the captains
Answer: just run /setup


Question: after voting for a winner, can I make the winner message appear in the temporary queue channel? or can disable it?
Answer: you can “disable it” by sending it to a hidden channe


Question: that means you somehow don’t have access
Answer: lol how? am the owner


Question: you can “disable it” by sending it to a hidden channe
Answer: sorry, how do I do that? 😅


Question: after voting for a winner, can I make the winner message appear in the temporary queue channel? or can disable it?
Answer: There is no option to disable it. You could just set it up so the message is sent to a private channel not visible to members. You should have a private channel already where the results for staff are sent. You could set up the winner message in that channel as well using "/resultschannel".


Question: Each queues has different points and mmr system? I mean, if I create two different queues, will they be saved as points in same, or will they be saved in different?
Answer: separate unless you link them


Question: yea or just disable reshuffling lol
Answer: wait how?


Question: separate unless you link them
Answer: oh nice then ty


Question: Bot wont work for me, any ideas?
Answer: restart discord?


Question: restart discord?
Answer: tried didnt work


Question: Each queues has different points and mmr system? I mean, if I create two different queues, will they be saved as points in same, or will they be saved in different?
Answer: points are shared, mmr is not UNLESS the queues have the same name


Question: wait how?
Answer: /reshuffle


Question: Each queues has different points and mmr system? I mean, if I create two different queues, will they be saved as points in same, or will they be saved in different?
Answer: Stats are tied to the queue name, so MMR from 2 different queues go to the same leaderboard only if both queues have the same name.


Question: Is there a command to reset all games, but keep the settings ?
Answer: I assume you are referring to the stats for all players in the leaderboard? In that case, use “/resetstats all”. You can also use “/save” to save the queue configuration before messing with anything else.


Question: Bot wont work for me, any ideas?
Answer: <@145305657237700608> can i get some help on this^


Question: can change when the temporary queue channel close after picking winner ?
Answer: no it will insta delete currently


Question: <@145305657237700608> can i get some help on this^
Answer: can u run the command again


Question: can u run the command again
Answer: Ill run it rn


Question: <@145305657237700608> can i get some help on this^
Answer: Did you give the bot all the perms it requested?


Question: did you run the command?>
Answer: yes and it didn't work


Question: you can invite me and ill try
Answer: I messaged you


Question: <@145305657237700608> how do i wipe leaderboards?
Answer: either `/resetstats` or change the queue name


Question: for the text channel you would need to add a spectator role
Answer: /spectatorrole lets you add a role that can see the channels but not speak/type


Question: can you paste the URL
Answer: https://www.neatqueue.com/leaderboard/1047301076866580500/1103549538041610271


Question: https://www.neatqueue.com/leaderboard/1047301076866580500/1103549538041610271
Answer: thanks i see the same issue, will check it out


Question: https://www.neatqueue.com/leaderboard/1047301076866580500/1103549538041610271
Answer: i assume this is a monthly leaderboard?


Question: i assume this is a monthly leaderboard?
Answer: its a regular/alltime. I just happened to reset stats yesterday


Question: is there any work around making leaderboard hidden? like only show if I press a button or something / hidden message that shows the leaderboard
Answer: No, anyone in your server can see it using “/leaderboard”. Only thing you can do is disable the perm “Use Application Commands” in all channels, but then members will not be able to use any bot commands at all.


Question: Is there any way to delete queue? Not meaning ending queue, delete completely
Answer: Use “/resetstats all” and the “queue_name” option.


Question: No, anyone in your server can see it using “/leaderboard”. Only thing you can do is disable the perm “Use Application Commands” in all channels, but then members will not be able to use any bot commands at all.
Answer: thanks. would be cool to have an option (enable/disable) to show a leaderboard button in queue and when you press it the leaderboard pop out in a hidden message


Question: its a regular/alltime. I just happened to reset stats yesterday
Answer: fixed, thanks


Question: thanks. would be cool to have an option (enable/disable) to show a leaderboard button in queue and when you press it the leaderboard pop out in a hidden message
Answer: Something like the “/statsbutton” I guess. That would be nice.


Question: Something like the “/statsbutton” I guess. That would be nice.
Answer: I didn't know about this one, very cool! yep exactly like this but would be nice if I can make it hidden (just like queue status button / Only you can see this)


Question: I didn't know about this one, very cool! yep exactly like this but would be nice if I can make it hidden (just like queue status button / Only you can see this)
Answer: You can actually set up the stats button to show as a hidden message using “/hidestats”


Question: Use “/resetstats all” and the “queue_name” option.
Answer: Thank you so much ❤️🙏


Question: i’m seeing errors from your server 🙂
Answer: thank you. this would be very useful because im starting to stream and want members to queue to play games with me or organize custom matches in the stage channel


Question: honestly i’ve never even used a stage channel so idk what they look like
Answer: if you can get ahead of a rush you would be a front runner of an important niche


Question: is there a chat?
Answer: yes it has a chat


Question: the queue itself would only be in that text channel
Answer: is there a command to list the current queue? in a seperate channel?


Question: is there a command to list the current queue? in a seperate channel?
Answer: nope, queues are channel specific


Question: its a new change, i need to update library versions, should work implicitly
Answer: oh okay will it be a long time before this would happen? i know your very busy with more improtant things


Question: nope, queues are channel specific
Answer: would command /link adjust this in any way?


Question: i might try upgrading tonight, depends on the number of breaking changes
Answer: i would love to be a beta run for you. please let me know if i can help in any way.


Question: and no, /link only lets you execute commands from other channels
Answer: oh okay thank you


Question: i would love to be a beta run for you. please let me know if i can help in any way.
Answer: looks like i should be able to upgrade without any issues, i’ll test it in a bit and likely update later


Question: looks like i should be able to upgrade without any issues, i’ll test it in a bit and likely update later
Answer: ill be available whenever


Question: looks like i should be able to upgrade without any issues, i’ll test it in a bit and likely update later
Answer: I gotta hand it to you. You’re the most responsive discord developer I have ever seen. Great bot so far and keeps getting better with all these user suggestions you’re implementing. 👌🏻


Question: I gotta hand it to you. You’re the most responsive discord developer I have ever seen. Great bot so far and keeps getting better with all these user suggestions you’re implementing. 👌🏻
Answer: lol just cuz i’m between graduation and work, next few days i won’t be as available


Question: lol just cuz i’m between graduation and work, next few days i won’t be as available
Answer: congratulations!


Question: Congrats!

 I’ll keep on checking this channel to help out users on non-technical questions I can answer to lighten your workload by 0.5% at least 🤣 I wouldn’t want this bot to stop working as my server fully depends on it!
Answer: appreciate the question answering 😀


Question: <@145305657237700608> I can't upgrade to premium, even though I got the role here? sorry for ping
Answer: what is preventing you?


Question: what is preventing you?
Answer: "Unauthorized"


Question: "Unauthorized"
Answer: you are staff for the server?


Question: if so, i would just logout and log back in
Answer: Unauthorized on the website not discord


Question: ill be available whenever
Answer: give it a shot


Question: yeah but to join the queue I need to create a prty right?
Answer: its the only way to get everyone in the system and on the same team


Question: how to backup a queue
Answer: You mean saving the queue configuration? Use “/save”.


Question: I did a reset but mmr/points still show in nicknames, is there an easy way to remove it and level roles?
Answer: you can /ratinginname toggle Disabled and then re-enable


Question: give it a shot
Answer: working like a champ!!


Question: i will send you some feedback about it but its been great!
Answer: sweet, i didn’t anticipate any issues but glad it’s working


Question: can i remove earning mmr on a queue?
Answer: you can set the MMR change to 0


Question: I changed mmr using */mmr change set* multiple times but it's not working it still stays the same any thoughts?
Answer: you should be able to see the change in /info ?


Question: how can i "pull" someone from the list by first to queue?
Answer: not too sure what you mean


Question: I have the parent of the queue channels set to the Ranked category, yet the queue lobbies occasionally end up being created as uncategorized channels. Bot has administrator permissions, any thoughts on what I'm missing here
Answer: common bug, will restart to temporarily fix


Question: common bug, will restart to temporarily fix
Answer: thanks!


Question: 
Answer: worked fine for me, did u try with the new settings?


Question: See
Answer: This


Question: What should i do?
Answer: so a new match with those settings gave double?


Question: Hi there! what happend if the channel where the queue was, was deleted?
Answer: the queue would be gone


Question: can you like set up mmr to roles? like roles changes depends on your mmr, like ranking system
Answer: yes with /autoroles


Question: the queue would be gone
Answer: What happened with the leaderboard ? Can I see that information?


Question: What happened with the leaderboard ? Can I see that information?
Answer: stats are not deleted, they are merely tied to the queue name


Question: Can I delete parties created by others on the server im admin/owner?
Answer: Yes, with “/party disband” and the “party_name” option


Question: Yes, with “/party disband” and the “party_name” option
Answer: Okey ty


Question: I want bot to **-** give points to losing side, but it doesn't. Is there any way to solve this?
Answer: you want to give points to the loser?


Question: How in depth is the placement games functionality? I know I can customize the amount of games a player needs to play before showing on the leaderboard + the amount of placement games, but can I also make it so a player isn't given a rank(role) and can't see his stats before hes completed placement games? And are there any other placement games features other than this?
Answer: the only placements feature is the multiplier


Question: you want to give points to the loser?
Answer: I want bot to automatically give minus points to losers. I mean I want to lower their mmr/points


Question: I did but it didn't work
Answer: Double check with "/info" and go to page #3


Question: Has anyone succesfully integrated league of legends stats/API into this bot?
Answer: would be against tos i believe if there is a premium for the bot


Question: would be against tos i believe if there is a premium for the bot
Answer: Wdym


Question: Riot can suck my nuts
Answer: true


Question: Double check with "/info" and go to page #3
Answer: Starting MMRs
@everyone - 0
MMR Change
20 always for wins
10 always for losses


Question: <@145305657237700608> command to remove mode?
Answer: Modes are tied to a specific map, so you have to use "/map remove" and remove all the maps that have the mode you want to delete.


Question: Modes are tied to a specific map, so you have to use "/map remove" and remove all the maps that have the mode you want to delete.
Answer: So basically i need to delete all maps again


Question: And add them back again with the other modes
Answer: Yes, you need to add the same map for each mode.


Question: Starting MMRs
@everyone - 0
MMR Change
20 always for wins
10 always for losses
Answer: It should be working, but remember MMR and Points are 2 different things; maybe you're confusing those 2?


Question: It should be working, but remember MMR and Points are 2 different things; maybe you're confusing those 2?
Answer: Noo mmr doesnt change


Question: Noo mmr doesnt change
Answer: Might be a technical issue then, so you'll have to wait for the developer to look into it.


Question: Do you know if riot posts stats for custom games tho?
Answer: No. The only way is to use the tournament api.


Question: Ready have an API key
Answer: What kinda of api key is it


Question: <@145305657237700608> how to change time of voting
Answer: ./timer votes


Question: I just want mmr to change
Answer: what do you see then?


Question: what do you see then?
Answer: (20.0) -> +0.0 -> 20.0


Question: Bot didnt create the voice channels for players for some reason, but it made the text channel. Created some hidden channels for now as a fix, not sure what caused it
Answer: Happened again


Question: Bot is down?
Answer: probably


Question: would be nice if someone can help me
Answer: Hi! To add maps to the bot after the team selection, just use `/map add`
To make that only captains pick maps, use `/map voting mode: Captains`


Question: if i was to buy the subscription, would it be that one specific server or can it be with multiple servers
Answer: credits and premium are in each servers dashboard


Question: Anyone help on setting up bot for 8s ?
Answer: You mean setting up a queue for 8 players?

Use `/numberofteams` and `/teamsize` (how many players per team)


Question: Is there a way to see MMR or Rank/Role distribution with the bot? I'd really like to see the bell curve of it
Answer: You can try `/simulate`

Also this calculator tells you how much MMR you would win/lose depending on the opponent's MMR and the variance setting: https://www.desmos.com/calculator/3qtwvlrw8q


Question: Like this for example
Answer: This type of distribution specifically, nope. There's no command for that. That would be great to have tho.


Question: but it’s not super helpful
Answer: It was definitely helpful when setting up the bot, but at this point since we've been using the bot for over 2 months, that command wouldnt do much for us


Question: The queue channels are broken again D:
Answer: wrong category?


Question: It also does this when only one person doesn't join vc
Answer: You can change this


Question: So rn the bot is set at -25 for loss but players who originally have 0 points don't lose any points ( their mmr in the negative) how can i set the bot for that
Answer: Use `/mmr floor`. Don’t input any number, just enter the command and it will reset back to default.


Question: 
Answer: this is also happening again, btw


Question: if he doesnt see 1 ping what makes you think he sees 10
Answer: because it makes it more noticeable, duh.


Question: why bot don't work?
Answer: <@145305657237700608>


Question: is the bot working
Answer: For my server it is


Question: ye i cant vote or anything
Answer: what do you see?


Question: what do you see?
Answer: i vote nothing happens when i run a leaderboard cmd


Question: I know that what you are doing is not easy and that it is probably not your job, but since problems often derive from updates, changes and improvements that are being made to the bot, I wanted to suggest that you apply these changes only to the bot of those who are not premium, in order to understand if there are bugs, and then implement them also to those who have the premium, perhaps a week later. Unfortunately the continuous problems begin to tire our users.
Answer: there hasnt been any problem caused by an update in quite some time, i cant really remember the last time. My current issue is with scaling and infrastructure, which i need to tackle


Question: there hasnt been any problem caused by an update in quite some time, i cant really remember the last time. My current issue is with scaling and infrastructure, which i need to tackle
Answer: dont want to put my head where it's not needed but we could have a chat about your infrastructure and maybe I can help (i have the experience to back up what im saying dw) - let me know in dms if you'll welcome it


Question: dont want to put my head where it's not needed but we could have a chat about your infrastructure and maybe I can help (i have the experience to back up what im saying dw) - let me know in dms if you'll welcome it
Answer: sure thatd be good


Question: what interactions are getting limited, do we know?
Answer: i’m not sure yet


Question: what interactions are getting limited, do we know?
Answer: joining the queue and admin commands


Question: joining the queue and admin commands
Answer: Are you saying these are *not* working and everything else is...? Sounds to me like the entire bot isn't working


Question: Are you saying these are *not* working and everything else is...? Sounds to me like the entire bot isn't working
Answer: yeah the entire bot isn't working I suppose


Question: the bot usually lives on a single server, that IP was blocked, so i swapped servers and it was also blocked immediately
Answer: Aren't rate limits applied to the bot token, and not the ip? In my head it would be the bot token since IP can easily be changed


Question: discord api docs say both
Answer: Can i see the source link for that?


Question: I'd personally pay money to get increase the rate limit for ya
Answer: Not how it works sadly


Question: <@135811207645888515> is your queue bot completely separate from NeatQueue
Answer: wdym


Question: is it possible to copy auto roles config from one server to the other ?
Answer: you can /save and /load the entire config


Question: dummy queue as in test mode?
Answer: no like /load the queue in a random temp channel


Question: how does placements multipliers works? is it just x2 ?

so if default mmr change per game is 50, do I get 100 per game in placements ?
Answer: nope, its smaller


Question: hello, is it possible to setup 2 different team sizes or do they have to have the same number of players? for example 1v4
Answer: different team sizes are not supported, no


Question: hello, is it possible to setup 2 different team sizes or do they have to have the same number of players? for example 1v4
Answer: you could use the player pick feature


Question: i just wanna sleep <:TE_sadCat:949015713031532605>
Answer: take some rest brother


Question: ?
Answer: its the same than ashir


Question: fix what
Answer: It's showing two mm messages in the same channel


Question: usually a dupe message is just a visual bug
Answer: on my server there get banned


Question: usually a dupe message is just a visual bug
Answer: it's not, it starts two games at once


Question: oh
Answer: any fix we can do on our side to make the queue message go to the bottom?


Question: btw we got more than 1 month left of premium, but it's only allowing us 3 queues
Answer: can u show  the error?


Question: 1102263876566917282 and 1083057695315198012
Answer: QVEDX for the first one


Question: any other way i could get those codes if this happens again without asking you?=
Answer: https://discord.com/channels/505102060119916545/954499196629692486/1113865584183091211 this is planned


Question: How can I get an API key? The documentation link seems busted @ https://docs.neatqueue.com/#/?id=api
Answer: true https://docs.neatqueue.com/#/?id=webhooks-generatetoken


Question: Bot down?
Answer: <#992610856904957992>


Question: like, the players own MMR?
Answer: i have 2 different gamemodes in my server, but i want there to only be 1 leaderboard for both


Question: <@857633321064595466> goldenrule
Answer: All stats are tied to the queue name!
If queues have the same name, they will share the same leaderboard!
Otherwise, the stats are totally separate!


Question: <@145305657237700608>  is it possible for the <#992610856904957992> to automatically push out the messages to servers following the channel?
Answer: Follow the channel


Question: Follow the channel
Answer: I did, but it doesn’t auto push for me for some reason, not sure if that’s an issue on my end then?


Question: <@145305657237700608> how do you reset everryone's record on the leaderboard (as in W/L)
Answer: you can use /resetstats


Question: '/resetstats'
Answer: this command would wipe all the stats


Question: is there a way for neatqueue to include only members of the active queue in the temporary text channel? Because right now it includes everyone within the role I have set. Since it includes everyone within the role, does that mean even people outside this queue can vote?
Answer: that would be the normal behavior, and also no, only people in the match can vote


Question: that would be the normal behavior, and also no, only people in the match can vote
Answer: thank you! appreciate it!


Question: is there a way to see all commands that made with the bot (log or something)
Answer: All available commands?


Question: Or all commands that people are using in the server
Answer: staff commands like /mmr set or something


Question: <@145305657237700608> its still doing it, do you want me to screen share to show you what I am talking about
Answer: i’m not home to look at it yet


Question: How do I configure the bot to create a private mix and send the lobby password to the players private?
something like this:
Answer: you can use the /lobbydetails command


Question: you can use the /lobbydetails command
Answer: how do i configure for start a mix with only one goalkeeper? we are playing pro soccer online with your bot and we want to start the mixs with only one goalkeeper


Question: how do i configure for start a mix with only one goalkeeper? we are playing pro soccer online with your bot and we want to start the mixs with only one goalkeeper
Answer: you can forcestart with only 9 people


Question: okay, no worries
Answer: resolved


Question: you can forcestart with only 9 people
Answer: thanks, one more question, Is there a way to leave the mode for only captains to choose directly?


Question: thanks, one more question, Is there a way to leave the mode for only captains to choose directly?
Answer: if you want always captain selection, you can use /teamselection


Question: if you want always captain selection, you can use /teamselection
Answer: thank you my bro, you're the best! goat


Question: Is it possible to count kd or something <@145305657237700608>
Answer: <@145305657237700608>


Question: Is there a way to make a role that is able to spectate in the vcs?
Answer: `/spectatorrole`


Question: <@145305657237700608>
Answer: no, the bot only takes in wins/losses


Question: Is there a way to configure it so that only team captains vote on the winner of the match?
Answer: not currently


Question: its not increased odds, its guaranteed priority
Answer: Gotcha, I was kinda hoping it was sort of like a giveaway, those with higher roles just had a few extra chances


Question: you can customize the win/loss base amounts though
Answer: I gotcha! No worries, I know my system is a little wacky. Was basically just wondering if there is any way at all to set random variance to mmr after winning and losing.

Say team 1 lost:
Player 1 may lose 2% of MMR
Player 2 may lose 5% of MMR
Player 3 may lose 3% of MMR
Player 4 may lose 20% of MME

While I know this isn’t ideal as a default setting, having a little bit of luck involved gives more people a feeling at a chance at top of leaderboard and a chance to catch someone above them even though they may get put on same team together a lot


Question: but i can have the giveaway type system available for later/tomorrow
Answer: Awesome thank you! 
I’m sure the try hards in my stream will like the 100% skill based, but the randomness helped the less skilled feel like they have a shot some weeks haha


Question: Heck maybe just a wins leaderboard will do the trick rather than a MMR for what I’m tryin to accomplish
Answer: there is a wins leaderboard available in /leaderboard and the website


Question: there is a wins leaderboard available in /leaderboard and the website
Answer: yeah thats what I was saying, I could just use that instead of focusing on the MMR so much


Question: <@145305657237700608> Any chance to add
1-1-1-2
Drafting option?
Captain 1: Picks
Captain 2: Picks
Captain 1 Picks:
Captain 2: gets picks 6 & 7.
Captain 1 gets last pick.

This prevents captain 1 from getting first pick and not stuck with the overall last pick in lobby.
Answer: ill check it out


Question: <@145305657237700608> how do I make my queues have different leaderboards
Answer: name the queues different


Question: I've looked through the documentation twice and either missed it or am unaware of it's proper name. 
Is there a command to have NeatQueue no longer require players to join VC lobby for the voting to start? 
We plan on creating evens with 64 players and up, having that many join a single VC is impossible, especially in teams of 8 where they plan on sticking inside their Discord server. 
Any help is much appreciated; thank you in advance.
Answer: you can modify the /voicechannels mode


Question: without any options
Answer: Thank you


Question: any way to set a certain role as the captain all the time instead of people voting for them, like a role they pick in the queue not a discord role.
Answer: only way is a discord role, not any special queue role


Question: any idea how to get the bot to not creat 2 seperate tables after the qeueu is filled? im trying to use the bot for a webcam based card game
Answer: tables?


Question: How to make the queue have the role name and not ID of the role?
Answer: where ?


Question: tables?
Answer: Sorry I meant voice calls


Question: tables?
Answer: Like I understand the bot makes 2 because 2 separate teams and this is usually used along side another physical online game but we do everything in house so I only need the bot to create 1 VC


Question: Like I understand the bot makes 2 because 2 separate teams and this is usually used along side another physical online game but we do everything in house so I only need the bot to create 1 VC
Answer: hmm currently no, its either 1 vc per team, or none at all


Question: hmm currently no, its either 1 vc per team, or none at all
Answer: how do i make it create none? id be fine having them go to a premade table


Question: where ?
Answer: Go to <#915810764277817354> and <#915812742865231912>, then you will know what I mean.


Question: im not sure what you are looking for
Answer: In the <#915810764277817354>, it says “**Queue 0/6**”, while for me it doesn’t say it unless I’m doing wrong.

Then, in <#915812742865231912>, it says “**Team 0/4**” with its list of roles in English while mine does that but the roles shows up as “**@<153839372423739>**” instead.


Question: when you do /roles, dont add a discord role mention, just type the name of it
Answer: Ok let me try it.


Question: can someone help me setup neatqueue for valorant. how to I make sure it links peoples accounts so that it detects when they game is over and move their MMR up on the discord server?
Answer: <@145305657237700608>


Question: can someone help me setup neatqueue for valorant. how to I make sure it links peoples accounts so that it detects when they game is over and move their MMR up on the discord server?
Answer: i dont think something this integrated is possible... has anyone actually done this?


Question: can someone help me setup neatqueue for valorant. how to I make sure it links peoples accounts so that it detects when they game is over and move their MMR up on the discord server?
Answer: would be cool, but yea not currently possible


Question: hey, is it possible to skip teamselection in a queue ? it is a duel queue
Answer: yup just change the /teamselection to Balanced


Question: got few questions please

1- what happens when category is full of 50 channels, can i assign a 2nd or 3rd category so new queue text channels go there ? i know there is already a command but is there auto switch to next category command ?

2- can the bot edit result in GameResult channel AFTER staff change result outcome?
Answer: currently when the category is full, new channels just spill out of the category


Question: got few questions please

1- what happens when category is full of 50 channels, can i assign a 2nd or 3rd category so new queue text channels go there ? i know there is already a command but is there auto switch to next category command ?

2- can the bot edit result in GameResult channel AFTER staff change result outcome?
Answer: the match result sent to the main channel wont be updated after a result was picked


Question: 3- is there a way to display more than 1 leaderboard in a channel which all auto update after results?
Answer: you can use /leaderboard and specify the queue name


Question: yo <@145305657237700608> could you possibly show me how to get it setup to where the MMR is based on the valorant accounts not the base 1k? I am setting up a new 10s server that people can get in queues with people their own MMR in.
Answer: https://discord.com/channels/505102060119916545/868549627652214794/1118883153201877023


Question: yo <@145305657237700608> could you possibly show me how to get it setup to where the MMR is based on the valorant accounts not the base 1k? I am setting up a new 10s server that people can get in queues with people their own MMR in.
Answer: you can use `/requireregister` to have players use `/register`, which will pull their initial MMR from their valorant account


Question: im running into an issue where the chat channel that the bot creates after the queue is filled doesnt give users permissions to chat in it. Do I have to generate a role for them on discord or something?
Answer: do you have any category overrides or something that block the users?


Question: Hey, so this is my first time setting up this bot. 
I put it 5 players per team and 2 teams, so it should be 10 players in total.
So for the picking order it should be 1, 2, 2, 1, 1, 2, 2, 1 
Is this possible with NeatQueue?
Am i missing something? 
Thank you in advance 😄
Answer: that type of picking order isnt supported :/


Question: Am I able to copy my queue settings/ maps onto a new queue or would I need to redo everything
Answer: you can use `/save` and `/load` for moving queue configs


Question: how do i do map voting? ive used all the commands that have map in the name and added all maps to the map pool but unsure how to actually start the voting on it
Answer: if you have maps added, map voting would happen right after teams are picked


Question: if you have maps added, map voting would happen right after teams are picked
Answer: oh ok,, i guess when i was testing it just with myself it was weird since it was only me


Question: i enabled /anonymousqueue in a 2v2 queue but i can still see the party team name joined, so it is not 100% anonymous. is there a fix for this ?
Answer: oh lol, that’s a bug for sure


Question: Hi I’m tryna make it so after queue it automatically goes to voting captains but it keeps having us pick what we want to do.
Answer: change ur /teamselection to Captains


Question: <@145305657237700608> how does the /numberoflobbies command work, what does it do?
Answer: if you set it to 2 lobbies, it will create two different matches


Question: Neat, do you ever get in voice channels for live support? Would be super helpful 🥹
Answer: sure i do, i’m not around this weekend but during the week i can


Question: <@145305657237700608> Awesome it worked! Last question it wont drag us to the que channel how do I fix that?
Answer: you can use /lobbychannel pullall to auto drag to the Queue#123 channel


Question: you can use /lobbychannel pullall to auto drag to the Queue#123 channel
Answer: Broo thanks


Question: Whats the command for the bot to give out a role after mmr reaches a certain level? <@145305657237700608> ?
Answer: /autoroles mmr


Question: if you set it to 2 lobbies, it will create two different matches
Answer: Ok so what if 20 people queue into match making at once and only have 1 lobby


Question: Ok so what if 20 people queue into match making at once and only have 1 lobby
Answer: how big is each match?


Question: is it possible to disable queue message sticking to the bottom of the chat? I only see this option for winner message
Answer: no actually


Question: but once it moves up, it’ll just be gone
Answer: what do you mean by moves up?


Question: <@857633321064595466> <@267303709011214337> is there a way to give top 3 xp in ffa queue?
Answer: That command does not exist!


Question: which command to increase the ban time for those who do not enter the call? Please
Answer: it’s /player autoban


Question: <@857633321064595466> <@267303709011214337> is there a way to give top 3 xp in ffa queue?
Answer: you can give them a special top 3 role with /autoroles top players


Question: huh
Answer: all the name configuration


Question: you can give them a special top 3 role with /autoroles top players
Answer: does it work if i just use their username?


Question: 
Answer: codes are from doing /save


Question: does it work if i just use their username?
Answer: you would have to do it manually


Question: codes are from doing /save
Answer: and what if I want too see all the previous codes?


Question: oh lol, that’s a bug for sure
Answer: maybe i was mistaken, that queue was Full Team vs Full Team type, maybe anonymous is not suppose to work for this type ?
i just tried a matchmaking type queue and teams are hidden when anonymous is enabled


Question: is it possible to disable Hero Ban voting timer so players can vote whenever they can and when voting is finished -> bot posts match details immediatly instead of waiting vote timer to finish?
Answer: i’m not totally following, the bot should post the match details after the vote


Question: i’m not totally following, the bot should post the match details after the vote
Answer: can i disable timer for Hero ban voting timer ?


Question: Is there a way to link the bot's MMR with that of a game, specifically Rocket League?
Answer: you can initialize a players’ MMR with their rocketleague account using /requireregister


Question: can you view other people's created parties?
Answer: yes via /party view


Question: Hey Neatz is there a way to change the bot logo? <@145305657237700608>
Answer: no :/


Question: Hey Neatz is there a way to change the bot logo? <@145305657237700608>
Answer: There is no way because you don't own the bot.


Question: hi, I'm contacting you cause I'm interested in using the neatqueue bot (paying for it long term) for a community discord, I started experimenting on a test server just to see what it looked like in action, I then added it to the main server a few weeks later before realising there was a trial timer that was linked on a per account basis, I'm now stuck with almost no trial left on the actual server I wanna test it on (my mistake) I'm wondering if there would be a way you could generously reset the trial for a specific server, or even my account so I could actually test the bot with my final user in real conditions and decide with the other admins if the bot is well received by our community and if we wanna pay for it, you can DM me if you wanna answer there, thanks by advance !
Answer: there aren't any trial timers, maybe you meant premium? Reach out in my DMs please


Question: there aren't any trial timers, maybe you meant premium? Reach out in my DMs please
Answer: I'm coming back from work and will dm you in 15/20 mins if that's fine for you !


Question: guys, do you have problems adding more than 25 heroes? bot seems to bug out for me after around 25
Answer: ill have to check it out, most votes don't allow more than 25 options, but for heroes i worked on a separate way to make it work, but its not used often


Question: as i said, captain 1 will rarely ever be able to load until its gone past 2nd or 3rd ban
Answer: and yeah everyone in the lobby sees its not loading properly


Question: and yeah everyone in the lobby sees its not loading properly
Answer: there wont be any buttons


Question: Captains can vote by sending a message with their pick
Answer: what the message? makes sense, since buttons disseapear when pick is gone after 25 ones they start appearing


Question: whats the match number, ill check
Answer: Queue#325355 🏆


Question: Hi where can i find what I get for going premium and the price
Answer: when you login to the dashboard and select a server, you will be able to see


Question: Can you run more than 1 queue without premium?
Answer: the free tier gives 3 different queue channels, max 50 games a day


Question: the free tier gives 3 different queue channels, max 50 games a day
Answer: Can I run different team sizes on them different queues?


Question: Can I run different team sizes on them different queues?
Answer: yep totally different setup


Question: ^
Answer: I’ve tired, I’m a novice and can’t work it out


Question: Okay, I now have 2 queues set up; does leaderboard show all stats over both queues?
Answer: if they have the same name


Question: if they have the same name
Answer: I changed names, but I can't get/leaderboard to pull any into a channel where there is no queue


Question: I'd like the leaderboard channel to show both, but the command doesnt recongise a queue. This wasn't an issue until i made the 2nd queue
Answer: yea, when you have 1 queue, the bot will allow you to use queue commands in any channel for convenience. When you have 2 queues, it no longer can do that since it doesn't know which to use. You can manually specify the queue you want via `/link {queue channel}`


Question: yea, when you have 1 queue, the bot will allow you to use queue commands in any channel for convenience. When you have 2 queues, it no longer can do that since it doesn't know which to use. You can manually specify the queue you want via `/link {queue channel}`
Answer: Does linking allow to show 2 queue leaderboards in one channel?


Question: How can I set the Elo to be visible after the name?
Answer: `/ratinginname`


Question: `/ratinginname`
Answer: And how i can change the vote system?


Question: And how i can change the vote system?
Answer: the required number?


Question: the required number?
Answer: wdym


Question: is there a way to remove kicking for inactivity? We like to plan who is in our party a couple hours beforehand and it instantly created a voice and text channel for us. When one of us didn't join the call right away, it kicked them from the queue for inactivity.
Answer: auto queue reset: `/timer queuereset`
auto player kick: `/timer afk`
voice chat lobby timer: `/lobbychannel timer`


Question: Hi, people didnt vote for the queue to finish, how do I end the game to pick either Defender or Attacker Win, (Val Queue)
Answer: /outcome


Question: and how i can start the test q
Answer: /setup or /startqueue


Question: how to check total amount of games in channel? im a bit confused of /serverstats channelnames games (channel) (format), what does rename mean? renames the queue? i just want to see total amount of games
Answer: it will name a channel, similar to <#966580351575142480>


Question: Sometimes the performance of the bot can be a little lackluster (takes time to respond, sometimes times out). Is it possible to self-host an instance of the bot (closed sourced compiled binary with our own given token) on our own hardware?
Answer: sorry can’t do that, i’m close to splitting the bot across multiple machines though


Question: i would like to know if the "random" choice actually still balances the teams based on mmr, or is that only in the "balanced" option because balanced doesnt allow reshuffling i dont think
Answer: random does not balance by mmr at all


Question: any way to have each player veto one map each or ban 1 hero each simultanously?
Answer: you can change the /map voting


Question: how to change bot language?
Answer: /language


Question: you can change the /map voting
Answer: But doesn't work...


Question: Yeah tbh liam knowing tfc as little as I do, do captains through the bot for a couple weeks for it to get an idea of mmr and then let balanced take over
Answer: we dont need the bot to captains select, only benefit there would be either a map vote or the mmr stuff, the random vote would be good if i had the option for MMR balancing with it


Question: we dont need the bot to captains select, only benefit there would be either a map vote or the mmr stuff, the random vote would be good if i had the option for MMR balancing with it
Answer: Liam, random with balancing IS balanced. You're basically asking for the bot to have the same issue as the purgery


Question: Hey is there a way to change a setup channel? I set it up in the wrong one XD
Answer: you can /save the config and then /load using the code


Question: you can /save the config and then /load using the code
Answer: Thanks mate, as I ran out of my 3 free queues, so I just stopped the queue in the wrong channel and started it in the correct one


Question: Also I've read through the doc but couldn't see if we all start on the same mmr or do I need to set mmrs ? Or tell the players to register account ?
Answer: by default everyone starts at 1000, you can change it with /startingmmr, or require people to register via /requireregister and /register


Question: Oh 1 more 🤣, can anyone q up? Like if a gc starts the q can a diamond join?
Answer: by default, yes


Question: I got the 50 games limit, the 24 hrs that i have to wait starts when i reached the limit or any timezone?
Answer: Game limit?


Question: When I change neatqueue to team captains, is it possible to make it where the 2-highest players in the queue are team captains? (Afraid to mess with the settings I have right now, can’t check)
Answer: yup /captains selection


Question: whats the command to move the bot to a seperate channel?
Answer: like move the queue?


Question: how to remove a banned player from the table? <@145305657237700608>
Answer: set @ everyone as a /requiredrole


Question: is there a way to set required mvp votes lower?
Answer: all votes have the same requirement


Question: also for some reason our leaderboard is just not working
Answer: what do you see?


Question: oh true, so the vote for the winning team is the same as the mvp? but you can optionally have the mvp be required or not?
Answer: exactly


Question: so my other and hopefully final issue i am having is the winning/results post is not showing elo loss/gain and not showing an mvp or granting the mvp bonus, i have mvp enabled and the winning format set to detailed
Answer: is it just showing winners or loser?


Question: Would it be possible to use this bot to sort out teams of 5 players for boss runs on a mmo/rpg. Giving the 5 players a temp role and then removing the roles after the boss run is completed?
Answer: i think so


Question: is it just showing winners or loser?
Answer: yeah basically just showing the winning and losing team players with no mvp and no elo gain and loss on the results


Question: it is showing this when i want it to be showing an mvp and show the elo loss and gain on the players
Answer: whats your config /save


Question: MVP wont show since nobody got enough votes
Answer: does mvp even work?


Question: try checking stats now?
Answer: it works ty


Question: mf got banned for 10 years
Answer: /player unban


Question: if you queue up to more than 1 queue at once, when your queue is ready are you taken out of the other queues?
Answer: I think u can’t queue more than 1


Question: if you queue up to more than 1 queue at once, when your queue is ready are you taken out of the other queues?
Answer: it will remove you from other queues when a match starts, yes


Question: Is there anyone with this bug too?
Answer: that is strange


Question: any other error pop up?
Answer: After some seconds the message disappears, only buttons team 1 and team 2 left, happened twice


Question: This is the code: CXDOW
Answer: which server?


Question: which server?
Answer: This is the Id of the server: 888915746825064518 called la agustin army


Question: Hey how do I fix priority queue on my server?
Answer: whats broken about it ?


Question: whats broken about it ?
Answer: So when a queue gets cancelled because someone didn't show players get automatically requeued but some people don't and it's weird


Question: is there a way to make the queue be balanced by default rather than going to a vote for it?
Answer: change the /teamselection


Question: not sure if you guys do this but I'm setting up the bot in my server right now and I'm hoping to just get some guidance in a voice chat on setup? I'd like to use the bot to create multiple queues (2v2, 3v3, etc) across multiple games, and I think it's going to be pretty complex and I bet some experienced help will help me do this in the most efficient way possible.
Answer: to create shared stats across multiple queues, just name the queues the same


Question: about to push out a fix
Answer: oh cool, lmk when its out


Question: oh cool, lmk when its out
Answer: it is


Question: it is
Answer: thank you!


Question: hello good afternoon, I would like to know if the bot is capable of pairing the games depending on the mmr, what I mean is that when selecting teams the players do not have the option to choose how the teams are going to be distributed, for example captains or pick etc... on the contrary, do it automatically by mmr
Answer: yes, you can change your /teamselection


Question: I try to use the command /stats or leaderboard tells me that I have to vote register to vote but the function is not activated
Answer: try now


Question: like when someone joins the queue a certain role will be pinged
Answer: you can’t really add a custom message like that


Question: last question. how do i change the amount of mmr you gain/lose per queue
Answer: /mmr change


Question: could you give an example
Answer: i already set the language to spanish


Question: but here it doesnt
Answer: hmm i’m not sure where those translations went


Question: hmm i’m not sure where those translations went
Answer: thanks dude


Question: I have also changed the name of the queue, I now just need to change the player count, going from 8v8 to 7v7, and then roles, to remove a role to accomodate for one less player on each
Answer: change the /roles


Question: I just bought $50 worth of credits on the website but they're not on the account
Answer: <#919709100114346076>


Question: so I cant get premium until its fixed?
Answer: i think he can gives u manually, but yeah


Question: premium please
Answer: should be good


Question: try now
Answer: one worked thanks


Question: weve been having this problem where we cant view stats with /stats. It gives us a message saying we need to vote to unlock it. However, multiple meembers have voted and we still cannot view stats. Is thre a way to fix this?
Answer: <#919709100114346076>


Question: is there also a way to adjust the captains pick order? i see there is some options there but i would like to have my own order
Answer: The captains pick order u can change it by /captains drafttype and then it’ll show u the options of drafttype


Question: hello, is there anyway to move a votingmenu to before the teams are made or before the captains start picking
Answer: no  its all after team selection


Question: but here it doesnt
Answer: this is mostly fixed


Question: this is mostly fixed
Answer: niceee and thanks


Question: yea just me
Answer: That is amazing 👏


Question: this is mostly fixed
Answer: Also do you remember the votes not showing up?, i changed the language back to english and they show up, but in spanish it doesnt, so it could be something wrong with the language that its really a strange error


Question: Also do you remember the votes not showing up?, i changed the language back to english and they show up, but in spanish it doesnt, so it could be something wrong with the language that its really a strange error
Answer: i do, thats a strange find, but ill check it out


Question: Can the bot be configured to turn off at a certain time?
Answer: you can use /lock and specify a time + timezone


Question: how do i reset the leaderboard
Answer: like reset everyones mmr and stats aswell?


Question: A player in my server left it and then rejoined, is it possible to recover the mmr he had before he left?
Answer: you don’t lose any stats when you leave


Question: The bot isn´t working on my sv
Answer: The node 2 looks like it’s running slow


Question: The leaderboard isn't appearing it says the q doesn't exist how should i fix it
Answer: you can use /link from the non queue channel to the queue channel


Question: How do I clean out all time leaderboard? There are members who are top 10 who have left.
Thanks.
Answer: Do you mean clean the players that have left?


Question: That as well, yes
Answer: From the documentation I think u can’t, maybe I’m wrong, it has ignoreroles but if they left now it’s useless


Question: 
Answer: This has been happening for the past 2 days


Question: is there anyway to force vote if someone hasnt voted at the end of a game? like admin wise
Answer: U can force the win manually, but not like force a vote at the end of a game


Question: U can force the win manually, but not like force a vote at the end of a game
Answer: Ahh perfect, any idea how ? Must have missed it in the doc


Question: Ahh perfect, any idea how ? Must have missed it in the doc
Answer: U can force the win with /outcome selectwinner match_number: team_num:


Question: is there a way to check whos in the queue?
Answer: If it’s anonymous?


Question: If it’s anonymous?
Answer: yeah figured that out, ty


Question: is there a way to custom add/subtract elo to a user
Answer: /add mmr:


Question: <@145305657237700608> None of the /resetstats commands are working in any of the queues for my server. Just getting “application did not respond error”
Answer: The bot having problems these days but the cause is unknown yet


Question: How can i specify in which category the new temporary channels and voice channels would be formed?
Answer: /channel category


Question: /channel category
Answer: How exactly should i use the command


Question: How exactly should i use the command
Answer: In the category mode u put specified, and then in the category u put the category where u want the channels to be created


Question: The bot having problems these days but the cause is unknown yet
Answer: ah word


Question: 
Answer: Hi it doesn't really work for me


Question: Hi it doesn't really work for me
Answer: How are u doing it


Question: it’s ignoring that category?
Answer: The “new” category mode works, but i tried the Specified mode and doesn’t work aswell for me


Question: im completly new to neat my freid recommended it tome im a little confused how it works tho
Answer: We will answer ur questions 👍🏻


Question: So like showmatch, where 2 players always be in match and always be captains, but other players are random selected from X amount of players in queue?
Answer: yes use the priority mode and then give the players a special role that had a priority via /requeue priorityrole


Question: yes use the priority mode and then give the players a special role that had a priority via /requeue priorityrole
Answer: Thanks


Question: Still unable to reset stats for queues. Any known issue causing this?
Answer: what happens?


Question: check the leaderboard, is it resetting?
Answer: nope


Question: tried it in multiple queue channels, also tried specifying specific queues
Answer: is that the only command that isnt working for u?


Question: tried it in multiple queue channels, also tried specifying specific queues
Answer: do you get the confirmation popup?


Question: do you get the confirmation popup?
Answer: nope


Question: nope
Answer: must be taking too long to load the player data


Question: if ppl talk in the channel it gets lost in chat
Answer: /queuemessage delay


Question: /queuemessage delay
Answer: hrm interesting, i set it to 1 and it doesn't seem to repost the msg


Question: hrm interesting, i set it to 1 and it doesn't seem to repost the msg
Answer: Wdym


Question: No I haven't tried that yet
Answer: u can do try it


Question: Yeah I'll just wait
Answer: what’s your server?


Question: what’s your server?
Answer: Planet RTCW


Question: i go vote to the page but no give me the leaderboard
Answer: The command doesn’t work?


Question: The command doesn’t work?
Answer: no, that put i have vote but i do it and that no show me the leaderboard


Question: no, that put i have vote but i do it and that no show me the leaderboard
Answer: Ok you already voted, and u typed  the command of /leadearboard?, and what does the bot say


Question: Ok you already voted, and u typed  the command of /leadearboard?, and what does the bot say
Answer: he put me the message that i should vote


Question: he put me the message that i should vote
Answer: Oh, maybe the votes are bugged again


Question: The leaderboard command gives me an option to select which leaderboard I want to view, and it gives me a drop down menu of all of the queues in the server, but no matter which queue I pick, it only gives me the one most recently linked to that channel
Answer: ok i’ll verify this


Question: 
Answer: /anonymousqueue


Question: /anonymousqueue
Answer: when i enter that roles was remowed from queue


Question: also how can I get the bot to apply a role to captains or to anyone in an active queue
Answer: /autoroles ingame


Question: Bot is creating channels outside of the specified category, these channels now appear at the top of the server
Answer: /channel category to pick where the created channels appear


Question: /channel category to pick where the created channels appear
Answer: Yeah I know, I’m saying it’s not following the instructions


Question: how do i cancel a current game
Answer: /cancel or /outcome cancel (only staff)


Question: Is it possible to create a seperate channel but have the same queue
Answer: Put the same name on both queues


Question: <@145305657237700608> how do u make the q go to the bottom of the channel?
Answer: It should be automatically do it


Question: ok i’ll verify this
Answer: any update?


Question: any update?
Answer: today i will be able to check


Question: any update?
Answer: looks like the leaderboard is the correct data, but the title is referencing the current queue, i will fix the title though


Question: Did I enable the wrong command, or is it an issue with the bot?
Answer: also happening with me, it usually gets fixed pretty quickly


Question: My bot is spazzing out recently
1. When it puts people in the teams, it kicks everyone out and you have to manually join the team channels.

2. When 5/6 people are in the queue waiting for the last person, it queue bans everyone that was in the vc, not the odd one out.

3. Queues are starting to make the voice channels and text channels on top of my server instead of it’s regular position.
Answer: whats the server name


Question: whats the server name
Answer: Virtual Football League


Question: whats the server name
Answer: doing the same with mine atm mate, not a huge issue tbh


Question: when people q how do u make it so drags you into automatic temporay voice chat
Answer: If u want all automatic, u can use /lobbychannel set


Question: where should we the command be used? in the match chat or the queueing channel?
Answer: Match


Question: ye im trying test mode and it makes a text channel que it says at the top a premmison is missing but the bot has that premmison
Answer: you must have something overriding the permission


Question: you must have something overriding the permission
Answer: how do i fix that


Question: check the category permissions and the role permissions
Answer: what premison overrides that problem im having everything works like getting in que text and temp text channel i just cant get it to make a temp vocie channel


Question: what’s the exact error you see?
Answer: Permissions Error
Manage Channels
I am missing the Manage Channels permission, which I need to move and create channels!
Check my server permissions and any channel/role permission overrides!
Join the support server or /reportbug for help!


Question: Or does it already have it
Answer: nah none do


Question: Match
Answer: even though the person being @'d cant see that channel?


Question: even though the person being @'d cant see that channel?
Answer: Yeah, it works like that for sure, u @ the person and the bot will send them a direct message asking if they agree the sub


Question: Hey, the pop-up used to buy credits is not working very well. It only works with 5 credits, but we want 12 and when we press "Purchase" it gets us to a "undefined" page
Answer: try logging in again?


Question: Bot is creating channels outside of the specified category, these channels now appear at the top of the server
Answer: Now its not random, its literally every queue


Question: whats your /config
Answer: Queue configuration saved as: HZLBR


Question: whats your /config
Answer: My config is HZLBR


Question: My config is HZLBR
Answer: it auto started for me


Question: you have been using matchmaking?
Answer: Yes!


Question: if there are not enough priority roles to fill a queue, does it choose the remaining members randomly or whoever joined first?
Answer: by default it will be first come first serve


Question: Bot is creating channels outside of the specified category, these channels now appear at the top of the server
Answer: Anyone else experiencing this?


Question: I was wondering if there's a way to set up the bot so when you queue the players in the queue don't get to choose which team to pick
Answer: /teamselection


Question: Randomly today a bunch of the queues in my server started showing up at the top of the server without a category. I've tried running the /channel category command and doing either Parent or specifically setting the category where it should be but the bot is ignoring those commands, is there another command I can be running?
Answer: not your fault, its just happens rn


Question: Hey, I'm running an alternative queue "for fun" in which everyone starts at 0 mmr and has to climb the leaderboard. It was set at startingmmr 0 but I just noticed that now it's set at 1000 mmr. There's no role assigned to this role, so it's set as Everyone - 1000mmr. If I set the startingmmr to 0 without selecting a role, does it only change it for the channel i'm writing it inside? Or does it change for every other queue in the server?
Answer: only the current queue


Question: hello, how do i limit the queue to only 10 players to join since its a 5v5 game
Answer: /teamsize


Question: i still showed that theres 11 people in queue
Answer: join support i will help at least try


Question: i still showed that theres 11 people in queue
Answer: Show


Question: join support i will help at least try
Answer: can u give me like 30


Question: also i did team size 10 which was not right cuz its supposed to be a 5v5 not a 10v10 lol
Answer: But like


Question: i was tryign to limit the queue to only 10 people so anyone after cant join
Answer: change your /queuetype to PUGs


Question: what does the /register do?
Answer: will initialize your MMR using the specified games account


Question: we got 10 people and its not creating a game
Answer: same to you, change the /queuetype to PUGs


Question: can some one help with the names for the mmr system so like it auto changes the mmr to there name
Answer: if you want MMR in discord names then use /ratinginnames


Question: what does the /register do?
Answer: Register 😎


Question: will initialize your MMR using the specified games account
Answer: wdym initialize


Question: if you want MMR in discord names then use /ratinginnames
Answer: how does the format work?


Question: 
Answer: have you even tried?


Question: ok so what didn’t work
Answer: we are testing it out


Question: change your /queuetype to PUGs
Answer: thanks, it worked


Question: how do you make it where people can host with out admin perms
Answer: only admins need to start the queue, players can just join over and over


Question: if you mean create queues, yea
Answer: is their a bypass


Question: maybe the created categories should inherit the permissions of the queues original category?
Answer: thats the way it is right now i think. whats happening is out of 15k members, 5k have the "CoD 8's" role, which is required to see any of the queue channels. But that still leaves 4900 people who arent playing with sooo many extra channels than they wanted


Question: thats the way it is right now i think. whats happening is out of 15k members, 5k have the "CoD 8's" role, which is required to see any of the queue channels. But that still leaves 4900 people who arent playing with sooo many extra channels than they wanted
Answer: yea i get that


Question: Parent / defined category would solve my problem but we've been having the issue where created channels arent being categorized at all, and are appearing at the top of the server
Answer: Were you saying this is the common issue or the credits thing


Question: you can just disable voicechannels if you don’t want the bot to make them
Answer: but it will still work the same?


Question: The bot seems to be banning people even tho they join the vc
Answer: disable /player autoban for now


Question: I am trying to make it so certain members of my community can use /leaderboard. I have made it so the role can use application commands, but that doesn't seem to work. Is there a way for me to add roles so they can use /leaderboard, but also making it so they cannot change peoples elos?
Answer: you can change visibility of commands in the servers Integration settings


Question: yes
Answer: Thank you!


Question: what is causing the queue message to not bump to the front
Answer: Bot bugging then


Question: If the team size is 1 and the number of teams is 4, it will be 1vs1vs1vs1. Is it possible to have 2 random 1vs1?
Answer: yea set the /numberofteams to 2, and the /numberoflobbies to 2


Question: yea set the /numberofteams to 2, and the /numberoflobbies to 2
Answer: Thank you!! I'll try


Question: when i add mrr to someone should it change the role when  supposed to?
Answer: Yeah


Question: ah shit it’s the database
Answer: timeframe?


Question: and don't wanna reset because it'll mess with points
Answer: The bot is kinda having problems rn


Question: DB provider estimating 20 minutes
Answer: long 20 minutes


Question: Btw the player ban command still bugged?
Answer: /player autoban?


Question: <@145305657237700608> yo, the bot in a server is not working, cant join ques, the games that has been scored for the last 6 days hasnt been counted for
Answer: <#919709100114346076>


Question: <#919709100114346076>
Answer: Ah thanks bro


Question: same perms for both?
Answer: it seems I had to link the channel


Question: Is an announcement going out when things are back to normal?
Answer: yes i will send a message and mention alerts


Question: yes i will send a message and mention alerts
Answer: do we get like premium for a bit for the time it was out etc?


Question: anyone without premium gets 2 weeks Basic, anyone with premium gets 2 weeks extension
Answer: <@773200669032841247> !!!!!


Question: How do I stop neatqueue from kicking people for inactivity? I have a queue going for a game in 8 hours and it keeps kicking people from the queue. I just wanted a first come first serve list without any time limits or requirements needed. Is there a way to just make a simple queue without any requirements?
Answer: /timer afk toggle:False


Question: I think in captains mode too idk
Answer: so smart


Question: Last night was the saddest night
Answer: saddest day too


Question: saddest day too
Answer: When did the server hit 1K lol ggs


Question: Last night was the saddest night
Answer: why the saddest night


Question: why the saddest night
Answer: Neatq bot down


Question: /timer afk toggle:False
Answer: I did that, and it said the timer would be disabled, but then everyone got kicked out of the queue again... I like to start queues a couple hours ahead of time, then refer to the queue list when it's time for me to stream but Neatqueue has never kept the queue up for people to see.. Anytime the queue fills up, it disappears or it kicks everyone out and starts over again.  I'm not sure if that's how it's supposed to be but it has been incredibly frustrating asking everyone in my server to queue up every time the queue resets itself for no reason.


Question: I did that, and it said the timer would be disabled, but then everyone got kicked out of the queue again... I like to start queues a couple hours ahead of time, then refer to the queue list when it's time for me to stream but Neatqueue has never kept the queue up for people to see.. Anytime the queue fills up, it disappears or it kicks everyone out and starts over again.  I'm not sure if that's how it's supposed to be but it has been incredibly frustrating asking everyone in my server to queue up every time the queue resets itself for no reason.
Answer: change /timer queuereset


Question: if i export a config using NQ-beta, can it be used for the OG NQ bot?
Answer: I would say yea, but im obviously not sure


Question: uh, what does premium offer?
Answer: U can look at the page of the bot


Question: how to fix?
Answer: I would suggest to still use the NeatQueue-Beta Bot instead of the regular one since the Main one is still not 100% at the moment. I could be wrong tho.


Question: how to fix?
Answer: the netq bot is down atm


Question: does beta bot keeps it stats? my server switched over to it, gonna use it until a ladder reset until september was the plan
Answer: the stats the beta bot saves are only for the beta bot, the stats saved on beta wont migrate to the main bot


Question: do we know an estimated time on when the bot will be back?
Answer: <#919709100114346076> u can take a guess from that


Question: I cant login to the website, is that supposed to happen or?
Answer: try now, realized the server was never restarted while down


Question: try now, realized the server was never restarted while down
Answer: yeah works now ty


Question: I would like to know about this! 
https://discordapp.com/channels/505102060119916545/910981294937210930/938243762180743258
Answer: Not 100% sure, but my guess is that u can do this by /mmr requirement


Question: I have one more question.
I would like to create a Matchmaking Queue for each rank and then merge them into one (managed by one Leaderborad).
To separate queues by rank as in this image, do I create a queue for each channel? Or is there a way to share a queue to multiple channels?
Answer: To share stats between multiples queues u need to name them all with the same Queue Name, to separate queues by rank as in the image, u need to create a queue for each channel, and u you will need to update the ```/role requirement``` for each queue


Question: i tested it, and i think u cant share stats of everyone in one leaderboard since u have role requirement, i don´t know if its possible
Answer: yea, the leaderboard will only show players with the role requirement


Question: Good evening guys and I hope that you're doing great, I've been trying to set up some PUGs but I keep getting this error, I'm not sure if I'm setting something wrong on my end
Answer: make sure roles are not overriding the bot´s perms


Question: I love the idea of /register, for allocating accurate mmr, but is there where this is *optional*? I have some people who are unranked, therefor the API won't pull there mmr, but I have no problem giving them a number themselves, however other people would much rather have the bot pull its mmr
Answer: if they are not registered they can´t play?


Question: which game?
Answer: I'm currently trying it for overwatch, with my own account which has no ranked games


Question: lemme see
Answer: i have 0 mmr, enabled requireregister with valorant, and even if i dont reg it lets me play, is it bypassing it? or am i doing something wrong


Question: But it does look like, if you do /requireregister but the account already has mmr within the bot, then they can queue up which would allow me to bypass the requirement for unranked accounts
Answer: u can manually add mmr, with `/add mmr`, but u should make a role for unranked ones that sets automatically an mmr, so u dont have to do it manually for every guy


Question: `/lobbychannel pullall`
Answer: Does `/lobbychannel pullall` pull people to Queue channel that forms once queue is full (the step before separating teams). It's not working in my server. What did you mean by 'voice channels enabled'?


Question: the description for this looks to be wrong what does this do
Answer: That means to do the Team Voicechannels


Question: And that only works if voicechannels is required?
Answer: Yep, because if u have them disabled there won’t be any queue vc created


Question: there is a validation to make sure that if you click a team that is full, it wont let you
Answer: did you update this?


Question: there is a validation to make sure that if you click a team that is full, it wont let you
Answer: the validation doesnt seem to work... if ppl dont click at the same time it is still bugged


Question: how can i disable automatic re queue c:
Answer: like after a match is cancelled?


Question: yup
Answer: hmmm no that is automatic


Question: how do u change where if u lose a lot of games it stops at 0 mmr rather than getting negative mmr
Answer: you can set a /mmr floor 0


Question: just clicking confirm?
Answer: yeah, we manually admin subbed but just showing this in case there was a logged error somewhere


Question: 
Answer: Looks like the time input isn’t working at all and it’s throwing errors


Question: i wanted to make a sub at this moment:
Answer: Yeah u can


Question: ./add decaygraceperiod 604800 @player
Answer: <:Thonk:356771720863940608> i see an error, will fix today


Question: ./add decaygraceperiod 604800 @player
Answer: just so you know, the decay extension was successful, there was just an issue responding to the command


Question: just so you know, the decay extension was successful, there was just an issue responding to the command
Answer: Perfect thanks


Question: yo, so in my voting menu its currently not showing the voting buttons, is this because i have too many choices, i have quite a lot in there
Answer: just type the name of the option you want


Question: make sure u put the correct time depending on the timezone u chose
Answer: yeah gmt for both


Question: yeah gmt for both
Answer: Im gonna test it to see if it’s working but it should be


Question: Yo so im having some problems with the autolocker, the queue unlocks fine, but then dosent lock afterwards. Do i need to run the /lock autolock true time 2100 command again after i manually lock it to make it automatic again
Answer: oh u need to enable the repeat option


Question: oh u need to enable the repeat option
Answer: its set to true


Question: How do you change the mmr they get each match?
Answer: /mmr change


Question: put static to true if u don’t want any variance btw
Answer: Wdym


Question: Wdym
Answer: There’s mmr variance, like if u have lower mmr than the other person for example if you win you’re gonna win more mmr than the set one


Question: There’s mmr variance, like if u have lower mmr than the other person for example if you win you’re gonna win more mmr than the set one
Answer: Do know how to make it random


Question: There’s mmr variance, like if u have lower mmr than the other person for example if you win you’re gonna win more mmr than the set one
Answer: Can you call and explain this to me?


Question: Do you wanna do variance? Or just win and lose mmr no matter mmr of others
Answer: variance


Question: variance
Answer: U can use the default variance


Question: how?
Answer: It’s by default enabled


Question: It’s by default enabled
Answer: ok so it is alr enabled?


Question: ok so it is alr enabled?
Answer: yea it is


Question: yea it is
Answer: But I want it noticeable


Question: `/mmr change variance` ***Lower value = Higher ranges of MMR Change*** `Default Variance is: 1600`
Answer: Then then what do you think is a good number


Question: https://getrekt.cc/GFgh7j.png
Answer: if you click the image and open in browser, does it load?


Question: I want to say its *maybe* because there aren't enough games? But T3 has played a few I know that, I can't be certain since I haven't been watching every hour
Answer: Do you have required games?


Question: how do get the logs from the games>
Answer: /staffchannel set


Question: nothin
Answer: like nothing in terms of no data? or the image doesn’t load?


Question: like nothing in terms of no data? or the image doesn’t load?
Answer: image just infinite loads, no data -- It was 100% not enough matches because of a config I didn't know I had set. I pulled pro city config and it has 5 required matches needed, I set that to 1 and now it is all good


Question: we need more emojis
Answer: true i’ll work on that


Question: looks like the leaderboard is the correct data, but the title is referencing the current queue, i will fix the title though
Answer: Any update?


Question: How many matches are allowed daily with the basic free plan of the bot?
Answer: Free is 50 matches limit per day


Question: running into a lot of issues with it if anyone can assist me
Answer: how many servers are u running


Question: Sorry another question, do you have too use the enable MMR so the points are given or is it automatic even if they dont hit it?
Answer: with a tie vote, it enables by default, so if nobody votes it will default enabled


Question: Sorry another question, do you have too use the enable MMR so the points are given or is it automatic even if they dont hit it?
Answer: And if u want to make sure it’s always enabled and that someone can’t vote disable run /mmr change allow_disable, and set it to false 👍🏻


Question: And if u want to make sure it’s always enabled and that someone can’t vote disable run /mmr change allow_disable, and set it to false 👍🏻
Answer: Got it thank you for your help


Question: We need 2
Answer: ok i got the information


Question: players can vote to cancel via /cancel as well
Answer: Thanks we will let everyone know!


Question: `/player sub` seems to work fine
Answer: We will test it again later and see if it works


Question: `/resetstats` for each
Answer: that how I delete all of them


Question: im not sure what you are confused about currently
Answer: the ranked que not


Question: <@857633321064595466> goldenrule
Answer: All stats are tied to the queue name!
If queues have the same name, they will share the same leaderboard!
Otherwise, the stats are totally separate!


Question: 
Answer: just create a queue with the name you want


Question: 
Answer: `/queuename`


Question: How do I change mmr balancing to random?
Answer: Like team selecton?


Question: How exactly does the anticheat work?
Answer: First you gotta put an anticheat flag channel by `/anticheat channel`, then you enable it with `/anticheat enable`, and u can use and enable wichever four options, anticheat streak, rejoin, incorrectvoting, newaccounts, u set parameters for each one if u want or just one that you might like, for example anticheat streak, u have to set at what streak it should flag the player, when the condition triggers it will send an msg to the anticheat channel showing the player info and why the trigger runned, also u can add a role to someone that triggers the anticheat options u put


Question: they are on a 23 game streak, the streak multiplier is large
Answer: OHH OK


Question: Make sure is the leadeaboard for the queue u want to, and refresh it
Answer: i only have once a


Question: what server ID ?
Answer: 1128167331642748999


Question: works fine online as well
Answer: what’s the reason it is not showing up in server


Question: you can invite me and ill check
Answer: sent a inv


Question: looks like the leaderboard is the correct data, but the title is referencing the current queue, i will fix the title though
Answer: any update?


Question: any update?
Answer: ran into an issue where refreshing shows the wrong queue again, still working on it


Question: can you add mmr to a player without using a q as an admin? the sub command doesnt work and the sub won but the OG player got points and the sub none
Answer: You can just add mmr to a player being admin by `/add mmr`


Question: Can a mod not admin be set to see q channels and join q vcs without giving them admin perms or joining the q?
Answer: `/spectatorrole add` So a user can join any vc of the queue


Question: `/spectatorrole add` So a user can join any vc of the queue
Answer: Will that apply to everything or just new q's


Question: Will that apply to everything or just new q's
Answer: Did u create a role? And gave u that role?


Question: Did u create a role? And gave u that role?
Answer: I was correct it updates to new qs


Question: how to make mmr not reset plz
Answer: Wdym


Question: at the end of the month our mmr got reset
Answer: Don’t have a clue what causes it but it can be the leaderboard config


Question: can this be disabled so it will not ask and only be solo for that specific q
Answer: yes disable /partyqueue


Question: yes disable /partyqueue
Answer: And that will only apple to the queue channel i do the command in right


Question: I had a quick question for some reason the bot is automatically queuing people. Do you why this is happening and how to stop it?
Answer: After a match is cancelled for example?


Question: Well u can’t set for a party, just by mmr with /autoroles mmr set, it’s individual
Answer: so there is no way I can set it so a team gains/loses the same amount


Question: and enabling the static mode
Answer: Alr this sounds good tysm


Question: Is the premium permanent or monthly?
Answer: Monthly


Question: <@648635725964902411> i bought it for the 4th slot in queues if the subscription runs out does that queue get deleted?
Answer: Probably im not sure


Question: When ppl join que it doesnt show their @ is that bc it still shows the setup and we have to play a match for it to work properly or do i gotta delete the message and make the like "setup message" autosend itself?
Answer: Send me the code of your queue that shows the problem


Question: Want queue to just be queue
Answer: yes via </resultschannel:998281213657751658>


Question: <@700656388262592512> all servers were given 2 weeks premium about 2 weeks ago
Answer: thanks for the info


Question: What does it say
Answer: nothing


Question: <@648635725964902411> rq after the bot makes a temp channel i go to the perms in that cat of the temp channel and it doesnt have that role is that a problem
Answer: what do you mean


Question: usually that means an issue with permissions i think
Answer: Idk what this means


Question: Does endqueue allow you to choose any queue or does it judt delete the queue currently in that channel
Answer: Deletes the one in that channel


Question: What’s your server id
Answer: Idk what this is


Question: Is there a way to make it so each team gets a private text channel instead of a vc for certain games that call for "deck submission" but the enemy cant see what deck theyre running?
Answer: you can send messages in voice channels now


Question: Ok so, what I want to do is to have a 3v3 match and 20 mmr+ for win and -10 for loss. I want to have like a channel opened when a game starts where people vote for gamemode and who won. And then after the game have teh results be posted in a another channel.
Answer: The ai is kinda wrong so if u need help


Question: oui
Answer: This is the config u want


Question: Uh my mmr didn't change when we played only the others
Any clue why that might have happened?
Also only the ones with admin dosen't get their nickname changed to their mmr
How to fix that too?
Answer: U didn’t get mmr after voting?


Question: Everyone else has mmr other than me
Answer: Do /stats


Question: How do i fix the bug where when i pull up the leaderboard it does the "failed to load" thing
Answer: What do you mean


Question: 
Answer: you sure nobody changed the games count?


Question: Im looking to set up 7 different ranks and keep an MMR value for players to use between all 7, as they go up it moves them up automatically. Only problem ive run into is the 7 queues that I set up seem to all have their own MMR
Answer: U can do /autoroles mmr set  and /rolerequirement for the queues to rank up and have the access between the different queues


Question: you sure nobody changed the games count?
Answer: Pretty sure since I run the server


Question: I set all of that up, but it seemed like the MMR wasnt linking between all the queues. I made a control channel with the queue and reset it up with all 7 queues to have the same name and I think that might have worked but I havent testede it yet
Answer: yup just name all the queues the same


Question: yup just name all the queues the same
Answer: Awesome, made sure I did this time. Thank you


Question: 
Answer: Thank you 🫶


Question: Could anyone help me out? The queue seems to be working fine, but the first message in every queue text channel is: 
```md
Permissions Error
Manage Channels
I am missing the Manage Channels permission, which I need to move and create channels!
Check my server permissions and any channel/role permission overrides!
Join the support server or /reportbug for help!
```
Answer: Check the bots permissions and roles


Question: No problem 🙂
Answer: Okies how do change the rest of the teams the same way ?


Question: Okies how do change the rest of the teams the same way ?
Answer: Wym? the rest


Question: Wym? the rest
Answer: I’ve managed to change one team name 🙈🙈


Question: oh
Answer: I’m currently  trailing the bot for COD community but I would like to have 3 teams as a recruitment team 👌 and the rest for members to join cause this bot shows you Whois grouped up and shows there gamertag to which helps members add each other.


Question: I'm new too but at the end of they day just play around a bit in a test server/channel and see what works and what doesn't.
Answer: Thank you for your assistance 🤛👌👍


Question: Thank you for your assistance 🤛👌👍
Answer: No problem. 🙂


Question: I’ve managed to change one team name 🙈🙈
Answer: <@648635725964902411> or <@145305657237700608>


Question: <@648635725964902411> or <@145305657237700608>
Answer: As you can see on the information it shows how to change various team names


Question: Is there any way to make the every queue in a channel Captain-pick only?
Answer: /teamselection


Question: Like /leaderboard of the type mmr?
Answer: Ill ss


Question: 
Answer: you already tried to re-charge the leaderboard again with /leaderboard command?


Question: Is there a way that I can have only specific members or roles play in a tournament? For example, an invitational event or league final where only players who were invited or had qualified are able to sign up or be added?
Answer: /rolerequirement


Question: /rolerequirement
Answer: Good to know.


Question: for the tempchannels it creates, how do I edit the permissions for those who can type in them?
Answer: Only people that joined that queue can type on them


Question: As you can see on the information it shows how to change various team names
Answer: Mastered it thank you 👌👍


Question: make sure the bot has perms to send messages
Answer: It has


Question: Just me or is the website not loading the dashboard for anyone else?
Answer: If you’re not logged in it won’t show


Question: It has
Answer: says it does not


Question: If you’re not logged in it won’t show
Answer: Ah ok


Question: 
Answer: Make sure the bot has perms on the mix channel since it has a lock on the name, could be overridding neatq perms


Question: says it does not
Answer: Oh yhea thx


Question: everytime it keeps making new temp queues auto and dragging it like in 2 minutes it made 5 new ones for no reasson do yk how to fix that
Answer: when a match is cancelled it auto creates a new one?


Question: what timer?
Answer: So if someone is in a team it kicks erm out for inactivity


Question: <@145305657237700608> can u tell me what's the command to give points
Answer: Points or mmr?


Question: Mmr is /add mmr
Answer: I want to give mmr to the winner team


Question: I want to give mmr to the winner team
Answer: That’s automatic


Question: o/ I was wondering if anyone knew why players on the server I'm on still get kicked from the queue for inactivity even after using /timer afk Toggle: False? Would it have anything to do with them being offline on discord or tabbing out of discord? Thanks in advance!
Answer: Hmm not sure


Question: Just try increasing the queue reset timer
Answer: Thing is, the queue isn't getting reset


Question: the AFK timer is reset however if you are interacting with a server that has NeatQueue, like sending a message, joining a channel, using buttons, etc
Answer: I figured that part out while testing things, but since I removed it I figured people not interacting would not get kicked out. Although, might there be a certain time before the command actually starts working? Found out that even if I get him to put his discord back in the background it doesn't kick him out anymore, despite it kicking him out for the first 10-ish minutes of me putting the afk timer to false.


Question: How do I get rid of this thing?
Answer: The mvp?


Question: but you can let some roles have higher priority
Answer: is higher the number higher priority? or lower number higher priority?


Question: also the documentation where can i find that?
Answer: Info about this channel


Question: you are just an anomaly
Answer: Dats crazy


Question: Like the command doesnt work
Answer: It works fine for me


Question: Hi I’m trying to set up neat que for R6s but I can’t set it up using Ubisoft Connect names as it doesn’t work. Is there any way I can do something like /register and people put in there gamertag and then they can start Queing and then i report the winners and losers and elo is distributed
Answer: /requireregister and selection Rainbow 6 doesn’t work?


Question: /ign will just set their IGN
Answer: Yh but only admins can do it I want ppl to set their own names and only be able to do it once


Question: is there a way to give a role to users if they are currently a captain?
Answer: /captains role


Question: are u sure they are not creating at the top of the server or something like that, or doesnt even create the queue voice channel
Answer: it doesnt even create the queue voice channel


Question: <@145305657237700608> just ping me when you do
Answer: fixed


Question: i wonder what happens if you start a queue in a crosschat ...
Answer: hmmmm


Question: Say you have 3 different servers people can play on, queue 1 is playing on server 2 and queue 2 pops, how could players from queue 2 know that server 2 is used and they should head to server 1 or 3? Would there be a way to add an option/is there an option for the players in a queue to pick the server they're going on so that players in the next queue have said server no longer available to be picked?
Answer: My bad, point may have been written a bit wrong. What I meant by 3 different servers were different servers on the game, not discord.


Question: can someone help on this queue bot, once the queue filled up and made the new channel, it wont show how to pick captains or how to pick team
Answer: channel is just empty?


Question: For some reason  this does not work in our discord.  "/player sub player1:@(P2) Rose player2:@btc"             (I always get the error  No matches with @(P2) Rose - (967) found!)
Answer: is Rose in a match in  that channel?


Question: channel is just empty?
Answer: nvm this bot was just a updated version than what i am used to


Question: well... then the error message is valid
Answer: so how do you sub a player who is qued but not in the channel.  Lets say Rose is qued and not here, How do you replace Rose to James.


Question: In a 2v2 matchmaking queue, it can go over 4 players normally, but when I try to queue with a party of 2, it wont let me queue when it's 3 people in queue, is there any way to fix that?
Answer: On pugs that’s not possible


Question: so he can see the matches and stuffs like that as well
Answer: /staffrole add


Question: /staffrole add
Answer: oke thankyou


Question: but if it's 3 people in the queue it doesn't let them
Answer: looks like it doesn't skip that check for matchmaking, will fix


Question: looks like it doesn't skip that check for matchmaking, will fix
Answer: TYSM <3

Also if there’s a dodge penalty the mmr can go below the floor too, another glitch I found


Question: how to show the mmr next to discord name?
Answer: in the leaderboard?


Question: i tried doing the ratinginname but idk the format
Answer: Same


Question: looks like it doesn't skip that check for matchmaking, will fix
Answer: whatd be the eta on that?


Question: whatd be the eta on that?
Answer: its done


Question: is it possible to transfer the bot from one server to another after i bought a month plan?
Answer: sure just LMK the server IDs and ill transfer credits


Question: is there a way to make the bot kick people out of queue if inactive or in the queue for too long
Answer: it actually has a kick by default


Question: sure just LMK the server IDs and ill transfer credits
Answer: dmd them to you


Question: anybody know the command to make the bot automatically make this in a channel
Answer: /staffchannel


Question: dmd them to you
Answer: <@145305657237700608> is it possible for you to look into this


Question: 
Answer: From my knowledge I don’t think it’s possible


Question: 
Answer: you can do /roles


Question: its done
Answer: since the update it keeps making a solo queue get added onto their team 😭


Question: matchmaking with parties seems to be messed up
Answer: i think it just isnt checking if the 4th player in queue is in a party, so it makes the game queue with the first 4, and the 5th is in the party with the 4th so they also get added in ?


Question: 
Answer: /winnermessage format


Question: Excuse my ignorance, still learning. When a queue starts, are players barred from joining the queue again while one match is running? I can test this later but was curious now.

Also, is there a way to block a players from joining a queue again or locking it while a match is in progress? Ideally I want players in an active match not able to requeue until after the match is over, allowing players who want to join the next one to be allowed first grabs. Then after submitting the result, they may join again.
Answer: If a player is in a match, the bot won’t let the player join a queue until his game is completed 👍🏻


Question: If a player is in a match, the bot won’t let the player join a queue until his game is completed 👍🏻
Answer: Awesome! Thanks for that. That's what I needed to know.


Question: Thanks again for your help yesterday <@271014487451107329>. Everything worked real well, and I added images for all the maps. Let me know if you want the config or links to images.
Answer: awesome 🙂 Glad its workin brother


Question: If I click revert and press the same result again I get two different results, and it continues to change or sometimes stay the same. Is that normal or am I missing something?
Answer: its due to the streak multiplier, the initial calculation may reset the streak, and that info is lost


Question: i think it just isnt checking if the 4th player in queue is in a party, so it makes the game queue with the first 4, and the 5th is in the party with the 4th so they also get added in ?
Answer: i would disable parties, it was never implemented with matchmaking so its all mysterious behavior


Question: its due to the streak multiplier, the initial calculation may reset the streak, and that info is lost
Answer: Okay, that's good to know. Thank you. It's not a terrible need since MMR is tracked seperately and I'm going to create a plugin or extension for CS2 later on. Right now I'm planning to use the API for CS:GO to track when a match ends and to update the status of the results page after x seconds to give some players time to alt tab and re-queue. Just wanted to know what I was missing from clicking and unclicking it and then back again.


Question: i would disable parties, it was never implemented with matchmaking so its all mysterious behavior
Answer: yeah, have it disabled for now, but would love a fix


Question: building a plugin for csgo would be super cool, should be pretty achievable using the API and webhooks too
Answer: If you have any interested I can provide to you, but not sure how relevant it will be since CS2 will be coming out soon. If they keep both versions it can certainly be more fleshed out.


Question: From my knowledge I don’t think it’s possible
Answer: its possible


Question: for sure, thatll should be a priority fix
Answer: eta on that?


Question: how can i change who can use /leaderboard?
Answer: /leaderboardconfig edits


Question: eta on that?
Answer: not very soon, it’s not the easiest fix


Question: ok i’ll verify this
Answer: Ok I discovered what the real issue with this was (follow thread for refresher)

It turns out I can link multiple queues to one channel, and I can view the leaderboard for each individually, but the bot displays the wrong title on the response.

So I linked 2v2 and 8v8, I did /leaderboard and did 2v2 under queue name, and it correctly displayed the 2v2 leaderboard, but the title was 8v8 leaderboard. 8v8 was the queue I had linked most recently


Question: looks like the leaderboard is the correct data, but the title is referencing the current queue, i will fix the title though
Answer: I apologize too because you said exactly that but I didn't understand without my data


Question: you can use the API, but it won’t format nicely in excel since it’s nested json
Answer: the /api/leaderboard/{server_id}/{channel_id} ? Which channel would the channelid have to match to? The queue channel?


Question: What roles
Answer: autorole dms


Question: Is there a way to disable some of the pop ups that show during ques without having to run the disable command every time? I am trying to turn off the voting system and just make it show teams with players
Answer: /teamselection


Question: autorole dms
Answer: there is no option for that currently


Question: 
Answer: they must’ve got reset?


Question: why my q doesnt appear at the bottom anymore
Answer: https://getrekt.cc/sHFaCF.png


Question: 
Answer: /roles


Question: /roles
Answer: I'm talking about two options to enter here


Question: yeah, u do that with /roles
Answer: ah ok ,and how do i change the queue size


Question: `/teamsize`
Answer: so it goes to two I want to change only one


Question: u want to do 2 gk and 4 players?
Answer: how to remove the configuration that when it starts you need to join the call


Question: how to remove the configuration that when it starts you need to join the call
Answer: change the /voicechannels mode


Question: it's still july for everyone in the server though
Answer: the bot sees it as august currently


Question: any chance you have an example auth header?
Answer: it’s just a request header, named “Authorization”


Question: How do I add different gamemode to choose from?
Answer: /votingmenu add


Question: sometimes auto role just doesnt work??
Answer: what does your /info look like for autoroles


Question: what does your /info look like for autoroles
Answer: See message private bro


Question: How do I make the "Inactive players will be removed in 5 minutes!" Shorter?
Answer: /lobbychannel timer


Question: Do you know how I can reset all data in leaderboards?
Answer: You’ll need to reset everyones stats


Question: How do I stop the bot spamming peoples DMs?
Answer: <@145305657237700608> is there a way to disable it?


Question: what does your /info look like for autoroles
Answer: I think it is working now, their info looks okay, one sec


Question: When I blocked the bot myself, I end up not seeing the messages and have to click to open the ranked queue and then the teams etc. I don’t find it a huge deal so I’d  have the bot unblocked but I find it unnecessary to have the bot dming a person every single time the lose/gain a rank.
Answer: ill check out adding an option to disable


Question: ill check out adding an option to disable
Answer: Thank you, it is nothing urgent or nothing that *must* be changed, but I think it is a little tweak you should add to improve the quality of life for players.


Question: i need the setup for crossfire
Answer: cross fire is similar to a lot of other games that are in <#1068605714098049054>  I would use something like the valorant config to get yourself started and then modify it as you need if you don't want to start from scratch


Question: 
Answer: Read what it is telling you, it says a queue already exists and giving you a command to reset it "/endqueue"


Question: change the /language if you need
Answer: no arabic in this bot


Question: <@189487132392292352> im cross comparing all the roles in that server vs all the auto roles set up, and im only seeing 6 matches
Answer: i dont know <:Shruge:1094709244839862302> literally resassigned every role already


Question: that’s the same channel ID?
Answer: Same one yeah. I'm gonna try something on my end and see if I can fix it via config again


Question: for  /autoroles mmr set, does only-one-allowed apply to all queues
Answer: I figured it out.

Now, for tournaments, am I able to make the tournaments affect mmr? I'm running a 2v2 tournament and would like it to count towards the 2v2 queue mmr


Question: I’m having an issue with Auto Unlock and auto lock, I run the command and it simply just doesn’t work
Answer: <@145305657237700608>


Question: <@857633321064595466> any update on the Party Queue fix?
Answer: That command does not exist!


Question: <@857633321064595466> any update on the Party Queue fix?
Answer: <@145305657237700608> **


Question: I’m having an issue with Auto Unlock and auto lock, I run the command and it simply just doesn’t work
Answer: are you scheduling a time?


Question: <@857633321064595466> any update on the Party Queue fix?
Answer: ill check it out today


Question: shouldn’t be any issue with it
Answer: auto role just gets rid of roles and adds more than 1 role


Question: i dont think anyone changed anything at 10am
Answer: can you give me perms to type in the queue channel so i can check the info


Question: we can hop on a call in a bit if you want, the queue channel with ID=1132753848629461165 looks like it has a bunch of autoroles for IDs that are not valid
Answer: yh join private


Question: it works for me, i just tried by locking at 14:02
Answer: Yeah it doesn’t do both


Question: for sure, so this is the json I get on match started, it is mostly all the info needed -- in fact I could infer the queue channel name because the queue number is in there:
Answer: anything else besides the channel id


Question: Yeah it doesn’t do both
Answer: <@145305657237700608> sorry for tagging you so much but it’s still not working


Question: <@145305657237700608> sorry for tagging you so much but it’s still not working
Answer: whats the channel?


Question: is there a way to disable kicking people from voice channels, we are pretty chill in our pugs and whenever someone who isn't in the pug joins the voice channel it kicks everyone from all voice channels?
Answer: are you talking about the 5 minute countdown?


Question: whats the channel?
Answer: Wdym sorry


Question: Wdym sorry
Answer: Channel name or id


Question: And as i see by lobby info, you move everyone from all the channels, is that correct
Answer: yeah the problem is once the game finishes, EVERYONE in the current voice channels are kicked


Question: whats the channel?
Answer: 1129056123111100568


Question: 1129056123111100568
Answer: looks like repeat is off?


Question: looks like repeat is off?
Answer: Repeat has defo been on, I’ve had to manually run the commands over the last couple days


Question: ill look into that
Answer: Yeah, just create permanent ones


Question: seems it might be an issue with having a lock + unlock scheduled, it will only do whatever was most recently set
Answer: Is there any way to do both?


Question: yeah the problem then is once the game finishes EVERYONE is kicked from the channels and not moved back to the lobby channel
Answer: I saw ur config yesterday


Question: Help?
Answer: what happen if u vote again


Question: basically how much mmr you can win per match or lose depending on the other ones mmr
Answer: How do I set it to change exactly the same every time, no matter what the mmr difference is


Question: How do I set it to change exactly the same every time, no matter what the mmr difference is
Answer: You gotta put static to true


Question: how to make your queues 24/7
Answer: The queues are 24/7


Question: An unexpected error occurred in the Queue when matching. I would be happy if you could address this.
Error code: FGVZB
Answer: looks like an issue with a voting menu you added, i’ll check why


Question: Is there a way to only have the queue open between 2 certain times
Answer: The queue lock and autolock is the only way


Question: The queue lock and autolock is the only way
Answer: Been over that it doesn’t work already


Question: The bot has been kicking people from discord instead of splitting the teams up. Do you guys know why?
Answer: U modified any perms?, or any team settings?


Question: U modified any perms?, or any team settings?
Answer: Settings have been the same for around 2 weeks


Question: Settings have been the same for around 2 weeks
Answer: Does it still kicking people


Question: Bot can’t run other bot commands with slashes i think
Answer: yeah, that would be the other option


Question: This is what the usage is in my mind. We have 3 available custom servers are our disposal. If all 3 are currently being used, my bot will hold the queue until one becomes available. Once one is, it will /forcestart the queue and then everything proceeds as normal
Answer: if you have access to servers we can set up something cooler


Question: i currently have an available integration where the bot can manage servers for you
Answer: <a:think3D:684191716877795361>  oh yeah?


Question: Is there a way to get the bot to move people from a specific voice channel into different temp team channels? I want the voice channel to be the main one everyone uses when they join our discord, aka "Chill" channel. Once the queue is started and the teams are selected I want them to be moved into the Team 1 and Team 2 calls. What the bot is currently doing is making a new text and voice channel for the queue, and everyone must join that channel in order for the match to start and for it to automatically move everyone to their team chats.
Answer: U can’t delete the queue voice channel and then split teams


Question: Queue configuration saved as: RAAQG
Answer: I see why if you set a lobby channel they won’t get dragged


Question: Tested it
Answer: was this talking about moving to team channels, or something else?


Question: was this talking about moving to team channels, or something else?
Answer: From lobby to queue


Question: give it to the bot, not the role
Answer: Both bot and role have all permissions in this category + role have all permissions in discord server as well


Question: For some reason the bot put 5 on a team vs 1, its supposed to be 3v3
Answer: Someone joined with a party?


Question: Is there any way to disable the DM that is sent alongside the AFK timer?
Answer: nope


Question: Can I restore a queue that we used /end queue on we ment to do /cancel but now

mmr increases/ decreases were reset
The "unfair" teams option now appears
And it doesn’t pick the map for you
Answer: if u did /endqueue, the bot will show u a code, just do /load and put the code


Question: 
Answer: then the code is gone


Question: then the code is gone
Answer: Gotcha


Question: <@145305657237700608> This is happening with a different player as well
Answer: no parties?


Question: LALPC
We haven't changed any settings in a while, first time this has happened
Answer: that config is for 5v5?


Question: yea via /outcome
Answer: Ok thanks


Question: <@297752363534647297> <@171411763919585280> should be good
Answer: Thank you so much 😊


Question: It’s a discord thing
Answer: As in discord being a bit broken or individual user settings of some kind?


Question: I run a FFA discord and just added your bot to it. In halo the top 4 usually are considered winners in a FFA is there anyway to make vote for the top 4 players to win instead of just the one player that got 1st?
Answer: that’s not supported


Question: Dang
Answer: Think the only way to do this would be for an admin to *manually* give MMR/points to top 4 excluding the voted winner.


Question: could you share your code /save
Answer: It's OCOBJ


Question: Can I throw some bread your way to enable autoroles for points, global, shared from all queues or is it just not possible?
Answer: nah, i dont see any benefit


Question: nah, i dont see any benefit
Answer: It would allow servers to create global ranking systems in-server with points shared across all queues while keeping MMR queue specific for balancing.


Question: you can just copy the autoroles config to each queue
Answer: they're named differently to retain their respective leaderboards


Question: points are global themselves
Answer: Sorry if I’m making it sound harder than it is lol just trying to make sure I understand I appreciate your patience and even the implementation of the command 🧡

So if I wanted /autoroles to go based off of points, and I want players to be able to gain and lose points through multiple different queues with their own different names and their point total is shared between them

ie. A 2v2 queue earned a player 500 points, then that player plays a 4v4 and earns 1000. That players point total in the server is now 1500 and auto roles will understand this.

Is this is an accurate understanding? For a players points to he gained and loss globally from one pool of points which auto roles would understand


Question: crazy, thanks a ton!
Answer: Come message private please


Question: When a voting menu allows multiple choices per user, it does not select the final choice until the timer expires even if one of the options has the unanimous vote.
But it is the intended behavior because another option could become unanimous too within the voting time, is it correct?
Also, if there are two or more options with tied voting does the bot select the final choice at random?
Answer: is this talking about a /votingmenu ?


Question: is this talking about a /votingmenu ?
Answer: No, this case occurs in the map selection vote. 

(I am managing the bot on the same server as them.)


Question: besides that, seems like it should have ended the vote, ill check
Answer: Thank you. And by the way, I have a question: is it a spec that autoroles are removed when winning at the upper limit of MMR?

When a player with an MMR of 12 won, the roll was removed. The MMR remains at 12.
We have not tested what happens when a player at the lower end is defeated.


Question: Thank you. And by the way, I have a question: is it a spec that autoroles are removed when winning at the upper limit of MMR?

When a player with an MMR of 12 won, the roll was removed. The MMR remains at 12.
We have not tested what happens when a player at the lower end is defeated.
Answer: It should remove the role and then update the role for the user


Question: if there were seperate wins/losses commands, you would just set the loss multiplier to 0 for those ranks
Answer: I love the idea of a win/loss command

How would points floor work, doesnt that set the lowest one can reach?
So for this players would still be able to rank up and gain points, but after exceeding that floor threshold they could no longer go down in points or auto role


Question: yea for mmr floor, say the floor is set to 500. Anyone who is above 500 wont be able to drop below. Anyone who is below 500 won't be able to lose any MMR, but will gain MMR as per usual
Answer: > "Anyone who is above 500 wont be able to drop below"

> "Anyone who is below 500 wont be able to lose any"

Sounds like /points floor is what im looking for 🙏


Question: <@145305657237700608> I'm gonna continue the conversation with you and <@648140340645068832> 
We currently have the following four issues:
~~1. When tie is enabled, a force-started game becomes tie after a certain period (our server is for Civilization multiplayer games that usually takes 2-3 hours so basically every force-started game goes to tie)~~ solved, thank you <@648635725964902411> 
2. Users seem to receive a DM even though we had `/autoroles notify` applied. Am I receiving it during testing the bot because I'm an admin?
3. Among the roles shown in the image below, only the yellow one doesn't work. Does the order matter?
Answer: to avoid the tie, you should increase the time of `/timer matchcleanup`


Question: yea the bot bugs like that sometimes for unknown reason, let me restart that node
Answer: Working again, thanks


Question: to avoid the tie, you should increase the time of `/timer matchcleanup`
Answer: Thanks I set it up


Question: <@145305657237700608> I'm gonna continue the conversation with you and <@648140340645068832> 
We currently have the following four issues:
~~1. When tie is enabled, a force-started game becomes tie after a certain period (our server is for Civilization multiplayer games that usually takes 2-3 hours so basically every force-started game goes to tie)~~ solved, thank you <@648635725964902411> 
2. Users seem to receive a DM even though we had `/autoroles notify` applied. Am I receiving it during testing the bot because I'm an admin?
3. Among the roles shown in the image below, only the yellow one doesn't work. Does the order matter?
Answer: oops, looks like i missed the notify setting with the updates yesterday, will fix


Question: how do you setup the roles?
Answer: which ones


Question: its not showing mmr in names
Answer: did you enable?


Question: and order doesn't matter, maybe you have it set where each player can only get 1 role at a time
Answer: Understood, I've set the autoroles again (as I don't see if exclusive assignment is enabled or not) and hope it works now


Question: oops, looks like i missed the notify setting with the updates yesterday, will fix
Answer: Please let me know when you've addressed it, thank you


Question: did you enable?
Answer: yes i think so


Question: yes i think so
Answer: /info last page


Question: also it doesnt auto give roles when people join servee
Answer: only when people queue


Question: /info last page
Answer: it doesnt make sense


Question: > "Anyone who is above 500 wont be able to drop below"

> "Anyone who is below 500 wont be able to lose any"

Sounds like /points floor is what im looking for 🙏
Answer: done


Question: done
Answer: for specific roles, losses to be doubled. Would that be /Points multiplier ?


Question: can someone explain why they’re getting more elo
Answer: placement matches perhaps?


Question: <@145305657237700608> sorry for the ping but is there a cmd to like unregister all the people who aren’t in the server anymore
Answer: to hide from the leaderboard?


Question: placement matches perhaps?
Answer: it was their 8th games


Question: to hide from the leaderboard?
Answer: yk how when u do /ign it registers a new acc how do i remove people who have left the server so they jus don’t take space


Question: can someone explain why they’re getting more elo
Answer: mmr difference causes them to lose less?


Question: that too, higher elo team will gain less and lose more
Answer: yeah they should have gained 12.8 im pretty sure


Question: Also, is there any way to let a certain role use some commands and not all? like unlock or lock the queue but they cant wipe the leaderboard or change any settings with ut
Answer: no, you can't do something like that to let a specific role use a specific command, besides adding a /staffrole


Question: Lock and unlock should be working fine now
Answer: yeah different thing


Question: so that the person can execute commands in the bot, does it have to have the admin permission box turned on?
Answer: didnt when u invited the bot, the bot asked for perms


Question: I know he asked for permission, but the question is that I want to know if I can add a role to be able to execute commands without having administrator privileges
Answer: you dont need admin to run commands, only manage channels, but you can add a /staffrole


Question: `/teamnames`
Answer: well i guess i am stupid for some reason the channels always get called by the name of the player in it and how i set it up may it be because the channels are set for 1v1?


Question: Maybe u toggled /teamnames captain?
Answer: well i will try it xd


Question: Maybe u toggled /teamnames captain?
Answer: still not works maybe because its a 1v1 queue?


Question: actually, seems like a single player team takes precedent
Answer: can i do anything about it?


Question: not rn, ill update the ordering so /teamnames is priority
Answer: when might this happen?


Question: ill update today or tomorrow
Answer: maybe a /point multiplier as well 👀


Question: Is it possible to send a DM to all the players of the match when it is complete?
I want to send a post-match survey to the participants about their impression about the game
Answer: nope


Question: nope
Answer: Hmmm... maybe changing the result message to the link to the form so everyone can click it to navigate there?


Question: Hmmm... maybe changing the result message to the link to the form so everyone can click it to navigate there?
Answer: no you can´t


Question: hello , i want to get all of command's this bot how plz ?
Answer: https://docs.neatqueue.com/#/


Question: Is there a way to do some kind of soft cap on MMR? For example once a player reaches 1700, the settings for /mmr change set swap to something different? Use case would be I don't want players who reach the max rank/mmr of 1700 to end up super high up in mmr, but they also don't want to be capped out at 1700. So I could have a 25 change set by default, but once you reach that max rank it goes to +1 per win for example.
Answer: you can set an autorole for when people hit that rating, then give that role an mmr multiplier of .05 or something


Question: <@145305657237700608> sorry for the ping but is there anyway to make it so that a party can face people that aren’t in a party?
Answer: Are u using full team vs full team?


Question: Are u using full team vs full team?
Answer: yeah


Question: <@145305657237700608> Adding points or setting the total points to *some people* does not change their autorole that was set by points. Sometimes it does sometimes it doesn’t
Answer: i definitely set it up so autoroles are checked when changing points, are you sure it was the same queue that has the autoroles?


Question: i definitely set it up so autoroles are checked when changing points, are you sure it was the same queue that has the autoroles?
Answer: Do I need to /auto role set points in every queue?


Question: how can i let ppl use the /leaderboard command?
Answer: People can use it as default


Question: how do i move stats from 1 queue to another
Answer: Migrate stats i think


Question: People can use it as default
Answer: my mate is trying it rn and he cant


Question: yes, autoroles are a queue specific config
Answer: ah, okay. I initially set it up once for all the roles in a *separate* channel. However now that I am setting up auto role points in every queue now and im seeing some positive effects, thank you.


Question: Is there a way to make it so people that left the discord server are automatically removed from the leaderboard?
Answer: add @ everyone as a /requiredrole


Question: also I have it set so there's mmr loss and tempban for dodging (not joining vc) but I think it punished everyone in the queue for it, even though they were waiting in vc. One dude didnt join and everyone got punished. Is that a setting I need to fix?
Answer: sometimes happens when the bot is buggin out, i would disable the dodge penalty


Question: How can I add myself to the queue multiple times for testing?
Answer: /test


Question: /test
Answer: awesome thank you


Question: hey, I'm wondering how do I setup the bot to have MMR for multiple games?
Answer: Can u be more specific?


Question: it gives me this thing and i press authorize then when it send me to the neatq website im just not logged in
Answer: Did it solve?


Question: sounds like the website server didn’t restart after the issues yesterday
Answer: Seems like


Question: should be good now
Answer: <@251055034639319040> try again maybe? I hope neatZ is referring this to Dawggin lol


Question: is there a way to remove MMR from people? Not delete all their stats.
Answer: You can remove mmr by /add mmr and typing negative numbers,


Question: any time i try joining a queue, it just says this interaction failed
Answer: Hmm i can see node 2 is having a high cpu usage


Question: Hmm i can see node 2 is having a high cpu usage
Answer: so what can i do


Question: nah its not working
Answer: this is what happens


Question: this is what happens
Answer: seems it can’t display all your parties


Question: wdym toggled?
Answer: They’re greyed out


Question: 
Answer: Did u lock the queue or what


Question: 
Answer: that means the queue is locked


Question: silly question,  I deleted a vote window before voting for winner. now am locked out of requeue.   any way to reset?
Answer: you can use /outcome


Question: that means the queue is locked
Answer: Queue is not locked. This is happening when I disable the permission for people to type in threads. (Which is where the queue lives)


Question: that’s the right command, that message is a bit misleading
Answer: For my 2v2 and 4v4 queues the bot creates a lobby-12345 channel where this would go into instead of the queue channel. Is there a way to do the same with 1v1s?


Question: /tempchannels toggle should work
Answer: Thanks, I’ll give it a try!


Question: What does it say
Answer: how do we switch what channel the results go into? cause at first it was working fine now its going in a different channel


Question: how do we switch what channel the results go into? cause at first it was working fine now its going in a different channel
Answer: /resultschannel


Question: /resultschannel
Answer: tyty


Question: Hello, I have a quick question. I use neatqueue in a small server to run matchmaking for Smash Ultimate. Is there an easy way to ensure that after players finish a match and requeue that those players wont be matched against one another?
Answer: you mean not again the same players?


Question: Right, I think the issue is though, because a lobby is made immediately when two players enter the queue then the queue is always empty when the two players reenter and so theyre immediately paired. Unless theres a method to set a requeue delay for only one player or change the range at which players mmr can match them against an opponent?
Answer: There’s /requeue delay


Question: nathan (795) and vacuolatebeef (783) are duod together, so are carseat (680) and hibachi (639) 
these duos each have 2 of the highest 4 players in the lobby, so why do they get paired together?
Answer: there is an issue currently where team balancing with parties does not swap parties, so depending on the join order you can get an unfair setup


Question: That effects both players, no? I haven’t tried the requeue command bc that was my assumption. If I do a 60 second requeue timer and both players queue after the timer ends the same thing is going to happen I think. I may just need to try it out though.
Answer: i’m not sure there is much else you can do besides use matchmaking queue type like you are


Question: i’m not sure there is much else you can do besides use matchmaking queue type like you are
Answer: Gotcha, ty!


Question: was the match already in progress
Answer: think it was


Question: just manually fix people with negative
Answer: is there a way to add like 0.7?


Question: how do we join with this bot
Answer: Invite the bot to your server


Question: Invite the bot to your server
Answer: okay rhank you


Question: 
Answer: Did you give perms to the bot?


Question: Did you give perms to the bot?
Answer: they immediately gave up lmao, too complicated ig


Question: they immediately gave up lmao, too complicated ig
Answer: Happens


Question: help Leaderboard nnot showing stats
Answer: im getting blank leaderboards


Question: does anyone know how to solve this?
Answer: That means your server hit the limit of the normal plan


Question: Hello, looking for some help Im pretty clueless but got thrown into this, trying to get a team queue going, everyone can queue up from their respective parties but once everyone joins the vc theres an error message
Answer: <@271014487451107329> looks like someone enabled that custom plugin


Question: Thank you for the help
Answer: you can just do /plugin servermanager toggle Disabled


Question: <@271014487451107329> looks like someone enabled that custom plugin
Answer: oop, i thought i disabled it


Question: yes they are
Answer: alright, thanks


Question: the web isn't letting me pay ;-; redirects to https://www.neatqueue.com/manage/undefined
Answer: try logging out and back in?


Question: How do I make it so the Queue is always captain selection? I don't want them voting on captain selection, if MMR is used or not, etc.
Answer: /teamselection


Question: what is this?
Answer: Might be the leaderboard url, but not sure


Question: try logging out and back in?
Answer: doesn't work, tried everything I could do on my end


Question: what is this?
Answer: yea that’s the /leaderboardconfig shorturl


Question: doesn't work, tried everything I could do on my end
Answer: not bringing you to the stripe page?


Question: not bringing you to the stripe page?
Answer: nope


Question: oh so it’s not even showing you your server dashboard
Answer: its not getting me to payment page


Question: oh so it’s not even showing you your server dashboard
Answer: is it showing server dashboard. server list and the next page after that were u need to sleect how many credits u want


Question: does the bot have a way to show people's MMR next to their names in the server?
Answer: yeah check docs https://docs.neatqueue.com/#/?id=show-mmr-in-name
`/ratinginname format` is what u looking for probably.


Question: Is there a way to get rid of the buttons except random and players pick?
Answer: /teamselection


Question: I paid for the bot to be up but it says "this queue is no longer running" should i wait a few more minutes?
Answer: Wdym?


Question: the buy page is not working
Answer: its working for me, i havent been able to find any issue, are you staff in the server?


Question: its working for me, i havent been able to find any issue, are you staff in the server?
Answer: yes i own the server, i clicked buy on credits and it went blank


Question: what browser?
Answer: google


Question: <@145305657237700608>  how do i remove the stats of people no longer in my server so that spaces arent taken
Answer: you can manually reset their stats via /resetstats player or reset all stats


Question: you can manually reset their stats via /resetstats player or reset all stats
Answer: will that clear everyone who has registered their ign?


Question: as for the buy page, im not sure, i cant reproduce it myself, its working for me so it makes it hard
Answer: right after i put in how many credits i want to buy, i put "20" and click buy then it brings me to this blank page


Question: you can remove their stats using their ID, mentioning them like `<@132313>`
Answer: ah there's a lot of people who have played in my customs and then left the server after, so it would take forever to remove them all, maybe in the future there might be a command to mass remove unknown entitys who are no longer apart of the guild?


Question: yes
Answer: <@145305657237700608> any insight of if this is my fault or fixable?


Question: right after i put in how many credits i want to buy, i put "20" and click buy then it brings me to this blank page
Answer: use the slider to make the total amount a whole number, that just worked for me, now I have a very uneven value of credits on my account


Question: Does `/hidestats` mean the stats and MMR will not be visible to anyone in the server (except for the moderators)?
Answer: That means when a player does /stats it will only show for the user


Question: is there a way for separate leaderboards? For example, I have an NA queue and an EU queue, is it possible to get separate leaderboards for this?
Answer: Just link each queue to it’s channel where the leaderboards are going to be displayed


Question: use the slider to make the total amount a whole number, that just worked for me, now I have a very uneven value of credits on my account
Answer: The problems seems to see it bugs when a player does a custom input


Question: right after i put in how many credits i want to buy, i put "20" and click buy then it brings me to this blank page
Answer: Custom input looks like its bug


Question: yes
Answer: Did it solve itself? Or no, also, are u using custom json?


Question: use the slider to make the total amount a whole number, that just worked for me, now I have a very uneven value of credits on my account
Answer: perfect you found the cause, i can fix it today 🙂 thanks


Question: perfect you found the cause, i can fix it today 🙂 thanks
Answer: <:worrystonks:926778635694788638>


Question: Did it solve itself? Or no, also, are u using custom json?
Answer: I will investigate


Question: Is it possible for match logs to show a players new global point total in addition to the displayed MMR increase?
Answer: Don’t think so


Question: what json are we talking lol
Answer: The language override


Question: is there a way to disable the option of forcing the players to join the voice channel ? i just need the queue text channel
Answer: /voicechannels mode


Question: is there a way to change the name of the queue channel it makes once all players join the queue?
Answer: the text channel?


Question: Bot just stopped working on the ranked wool wars server
Answer: bot is crashed everywhere


Question: yea node 2 keeps dying
Answer: Bot is working for us again <@562667788842565652>


Question: That means when a player does /stats it will only show for the user
Answer: So it still appears in the leaderboard... OK thank you.


Question: Not to backseat or anything here but I think the intended use of parties is to create and disband them per play session? Unless that is already the case
Answer: yea that’s usually what i would have in mind


Question: is there a way for the party queue to allow a minimum amount of players? For example, I want my queue to start with 4 players per team minimum, allowing up to 11 per team. But I want the queue to be able to allow parties of under 11 to join the queue. Because up to 11 players are allowed per team, but it doesn't need to be even numbers per team, just minimum of 4 per team.
Answer: is this for a game that allows any number of players on a team? or is this to allow subbing within the team itself?


Question: like one rank's mmr starting mmr is 2300 but when it goes into another q it resets to 1000
Answer: u have to name all the queues with the same name


Question: how do i get access to more than 3 queues at a time ?
Answer: Buying premium


Question: is this for a game that allows any number of players on a team? or is this to allow subbing within the team itself?
Answer: This is for  FIFA pro clubs. Teams have 11 spots each available on the game itself, but I want them to be able to start a game as long as they have 4 players each. So for example, one party of 4 might enter the queue, fully ready to play against another party who queues with a full 11. Does this make more sense?


Question: i see what you mean yea
Answer: So... is it possible?


Question: is it normal for /add points to be kinda slow? gave points out a while ago but still havent seen the auto role change.
Answer: i found an issue where if you give someone points in a queue channel, and they dont have stats in that queue, they dont get autoroles


Question: i found an issue where if you give someone points in a queue channel, and they dont have stats in that queue, they dont get autoroles
Answer: That's unfortunate 😦 is this something unintended?


Question: that would get them in the queue's system
Answer: yup looks like more ppl received their correct ranks and hopefully from this point on will continue to be promoted 🙂 Thanks Neat!


Question: <@145305657237700608> So is what I'm asking possible, sir? I know you are busy, so let me know when you can 😄
Answer: it should be, i just need to think of if i want a new queue type or just some command to change it


Question: is there a way to disable voting on winners ?
Answer: yep /winnermessage results


Question: you can create a match from people in a voice channel with /startfromvc, but the normal use case is people click the queue button
Answer: After entering the voice chat, I want to have a command that 10 people on channel x are ready, how do I get this?


Question: looks like it doesn't work currently
Answer: I am trying


Question: default format would be NeatZ - (1000), but if you want the format you said, set the format to ($)
Answer: Thanks


Question: 
Answer: /requeue matchcancelled


Question: I saw that, but the requeue matchcancelled doesn't explain why it's not starting the voting phase once I'm in the intended channel.
Answer: The requeue matchcancelled is to avoid creating new voice channels


Question: yea i have an idea on a good way to change it, i might do an update tonight
Answer: Sounds amazing, thank you so much


Question: Any chance U can flex downwards instead of across on mobile 😭

It's not an urgent issue since I can just view desktop version just fyi
Answer: lol, yea i’ll change that direction


Question: Hey <@145305657237700608> do you have any ideas on a fix to my question from last night? I will ask it again in case you forgot.

I want the queue to allow parties up to 11 to join, as there are 11 open spots per team, but the queue is allowed to start when there is at least 4 on each team, as parties will not always have 11 people available to play. The problem right now is if I set the amount of players per team to 11 for the queue, parties of under 11 are not able to join. I want parties of atleast 4 to be able to join. Please help me out! Thank you. I see you are helping people all day, thanks for your hard work.
Answer: there u go


Question: there u go
Answer: So what do I do? Is it automatically like that now?


Question: check <#910981294937210930>
Answer: Amazing. Thank you so much.


Question: change it to the shorturl?
Answer: nah i want to change it to a custom seperate link (sorry for the late reply didnt see you replied) (eg website.com/leaderboard)

My plan is to call your api from my site and display it along a bunch of other details like input device etc etc etc


Question: nah i want to change it to a custom seperate link (sorry for the late reply didnt see you replied) (eg website.com/leaderboard)

My plan is to call your api from my site and display it along a bunch of other details like input device etc etc etc
Answer: Shorturl will make a website of the leaderboard


Question: What perms do you want?
Answer: I want to make it so that our muted role is unable to speak in the vc


Question: I want to make it so that our muted role is unable to speak in the vc
Answer: That would be your server integrations, not the bot at all


Question: What
Answer: server settings > role >permissions


Question: go into the category permissions and set the role to deny speak
Answer: how do i make the ranked vcs follow the category permissions


Question: they will inherit the category perms, then make changes
Answer: Thats not how its working in my server for some reason


Question: the only way to get a shared leaderboard is if the queues have the same name
Answer: Just the same name? That would be awesome. So even if there are two different queues for both regions, if they have the same name the leaderboard will track them together?


Question: So is there a way to toggle dynamic mmr
Answer: yea /mmr change set static:True/False


Question: to vote for an MVP
Answer: yea, /mvp toggle


Question: Alright nerds, give me a command to make dynamic rr for a +60 -60 range. Thank you, have a great day.
Answer: if you do /mmr change set 50, itll be close enough


Question: 
Answer: `/roles Goalkeeper,Field,Field,Field,Field,Field`


Question: if you do /mmr change set 50, itll be close enough
Answer: thank you


Question: how do i disable MMR completely for a specific queue, i have 2 queues for my server, ranked and casual, i want casual to have no MMR just play for fun, and i want ranked to have MMR
Answer: set the mmr change to 0


Question: Ngl i feel bad for asking so much i hope u dont mind but
How do i start a match automatically when the teams are filled up Oh but in the game im using someone needs to manually create a private match for players to join, how would i go about this?
Answer: that’s the default behavior


Question: Also i want MMR to be a fixed amount the way it says it it feels like its in a range of numbers and i dont quite get this, i just want the winning team to recieve 25 MMR, the losing team to lose 10 MMR
Answer: /mmr change set 25 static:True loser_mmr:10


Question: /mmr change set 25 static:True loser_mmr:10
Answer: /mmr change set 25 static:True loser_mmr:10 amount: ?????


Question: unluckily.. i guess not.. I mean i can't create more queue, but still using only one
Answer: If u want to delete those queues you need to do /resetstats all on the queue you want to delete


Question: 
Answer: /teamselection


Question: /teamselection
Answer: :0 tyty


Question: If u want to delete those queues you need to do /resetstats all on the queue you want to delete
Answer: exactly what i needed, thank you! ❤️


Question: What does "Auto PIng" do?
Answer: every command has a description


Question: Should I give the bot the "Administrator" role?
Answer: that makes it easy if you don’t care


Question: is it possible to auto assign a second/third place role using the "autoroles top players set" command without those roles overlapping with 1st place
Answer: not currently


Question: 
Answer: probably just your app, see if other people can see it


Question: interaction?
Answer: The box that says "Join queue' and "Leave queue"


Question: probably just your app, see if other people can see it
Answer: No one can


Question: No one can
Answer: different person not you


Question: The box that says "Join queue' and "Leave queue"
Answer: what isn’t coming up


Question: how do I make 1 team random side
Answer: check out https://docs.neatqueue.com/#/?id=lobbydetails-set


Question: How do I make it so that if you're in another channel in the cord it drags you automatically to the queue channel
Answer: https://docs.neatqueue.com/#/?id=lobbychannel-pullall


Question: Also so that it will require all individuals to be in the queue channel inorder for people to start voting for captains etc
Answer: https://docs.neatqueue.com/#/?id=voicechannels-mode


Question: Hey I have a user who mentioned that they can’t see the queue status in the channel the queue is running is this a known bug? They see the buttons to join
Answer: make sure this is enabled


Question: how do i make this
Answer: you cant remove them, but  you can change who can use the buttons via `/leaderboardconfig edits`


Question: After using /clearqueue the bot works ok in terms of accepting people to the queue. But no longer sticks to the bottom of the channel or resends itself. I have tried re-activating both /queuemessage sticky and /queuemessage delay (3 seconds) which worked fine previously
Answer: <@145305657237700608> just got this same exact bug in our server, mind doing the same fix when you get a chance <:peepoHeart:689362282316169217>


Question: How do I put it so that it puts the active players from the previous queue in the following queue automatically?
Answer: that’s not a thing currently


Question: <@145305657237700608> just got this same exact bug in our server, mind doing the same fix when you get a chance <:peepoHeart:689362282316169217>
Answer: what server name?


Question: how long has it been happening
Answer: it was happening this morning so i stopped hosting customs for a little, then it started happening again around 7-8 minute ago


Question: You mean the sections?
Answer: yeah


Question: yeah
Answer: U can’t


Question: I have messed around with the bot a little bit but not finding the exact solution for my need, maybe someone can review quick.

Looking to host a tournament, where people sign up as **a solo queue **and if we get 12 then run 4x3 or 16 run 4x4 teams.

Once we get to 12 or 16, we create captains based on sign ups.

Ideally a ready check is sent out (people can sign up early in the day then forget/cant join)

Then captains pick in snake draft order (saw this in command).

Assuming they can choose their team via clicking someones name?

Brackets rolled > start
Answer: this isn’t supported


Question: yea you can directly goto captains selection via /teamselection
Answer: You can solo q and then go into capt selection?


Question: how do i set up when everyone clicks que it drags them to the que channel and then to a diffrent channel with there team?
Answer: use /lobbychannel pullall


Question: an entire queue
Answer: the queue config can be saved and transferred via /save and /load


Question: how do i check my points in my server?
Answer: wdym?


Question: wdym?
Answer: it says i can bet points


Question: ok and im testing the queue... if i predict 16 ppl will sign up but only 12 do, and I change to 3 teams of 4, it kicks everyone from queue?
Answer: yes, changing the team size or number of teams will have to reset the queue


Question: <@145305657237700608> hey, is there a way to get more than 10 people in queue?
Answer: you can overfill a queue if you disable auto starting via /misc startwhen


Question: normal matches would be much easier
Answer: through this queue? or diff bot?


Question: through this queue? or diff bot?
Answer: This bot


Question: <@145305657237700608> The bot just started creating channels outside of the categories we set for different queues. Is there a fix to that?
Answer: <@145305657237700608>It's happening again Lol


Question: 
Answer: there are no captains in this type of queue


Question: i cant link
Answer: wdym


Question: wdym
Answer: its not showing


Question: <@145305657237700608> what are the requirements for a channel to show up on /link
Answer: when you link to a channel, it will be linked, and you can only link to one channel


Question: what does this mean
Answer: u must vote for the winner


Question: there are no captains in this type of queue
Answer: what about this


Question: 
Answer: you can do captain selection via /teamselection


Question: Is there a way you can make it randomly select from a pool greater then 10 for stream purposes? like is there a command for that already instead of sleecting the first 10?
Answer: change /misc startwhen to Forcestarted


Question: is there a way to vote for a queue to start early? Say my queue is 8v8, but the game can easily support 3v3 if not enough people join, could they start it early? I'd like to do a month long competition where people can play at any time, and team size doesnt really matter
Answer: /forcestart


Question: have the same leaderboard
Answer: Name them the same


Question: wdym
Answer: Name the two queues the same


Question: when you used /set games, it gives the starting mmr for each of the players
Answer: did this change from 3 months ago? because I don't remember doing it like this


Question: so is there a way to make it simpler next time I want to hard reset?
Answer: why not just use /resetstats all?


Question: is there a way to make it so when people reach a certain number of mme they receive a role and it removes their old role?
Answer: check out /autoroles


Question: and the bot has perms
Answer: still not working


Question: hey how do i make it so it moves people automatically
Answer: That’s by default


Question: Hey, how can I have several queues linked to 1 MMR?
Answer: you can make all the queue's MMR lead to 1 leaderboard


Question: check out /autoroles
Answer: ok so it's giving people with 1 mmr the gold role how do I fix it?


Question: can neatqueue ranks be customized to use these emblems from Halo2 as roles/ranks? 
Players get to level 10 they unlock queues 10-20 and when they hit rank20 they unlock 20-30 queue? 

Not sure if you guys do any custom coding for specific servers, but definitely interested in building on what’s out there then building a bot from scratch? I’m trying to resurrect a halo server that had a rank system/ queue just like this. 

Thanks for making this bot, it awesome
Answer: You can add the emojis to the roles


Question: yea
Answer: /lobbychannel set


Question: You can add the emojis to the roles
Answer: i think custom emoji in role is a nitro feature tho


Question: is it all setup wrong?
Answer: screenshot your /info on the autoroles page for us to see


Question: Is there a way to transfer stats from one disc account to another? This includes mmr, wins, loss, and the graph thing when I do the stats commands
Answer: i can manually do it if you give me the server name, the old account, and new one


Question: how can i make it so the queue channels that are created arent numbered
Answer: you can use /tempchannels name


Question: i can manually do it if you give me the server name, the old account, and new one
Answer: Nah it’s not big deal dw about it, thanks tho


Question: screenshot your /info on the autoroles page for us to see
Answer: also I've been trying to put the game selection on captains only and it doesn't work either


Question: also your ranges need to be like: 1-500, 500-1000, 1000-1500. Otherwise with your current setup, someone with 499.5 MMR won’t have a rank
Answer: ahhhhhhhh


Question: but to change team selection use /teamselection
Answer: I've done that and put it to captains only but it come up with all the options still


Question: what is MMR variance
Answer: i want mMR change to vary from 24-30 with an average of 27


Question: hey, in my server we have 2 queue's, and we want to know how we can have 1 role (per rank) for both queues
Answer: /autoroles


Question: /autoroles
Answer: I have the autoroles setup


Question: check out the calculator in the docs
Answer: what docs


Question: https://docs.neatqueue.com
Answer: bro teh calculator


Question: also have to account for the streak and placement  multipliers
Answer: I have them off


Question: Is there a way to load a configuration for my queue when I didn't save the code myself?
Answer: If someone has the code you can load it


Question: Can we get rid of asking if teams balanced and also let the bot just randomly pick the map for us instead of voting?
Answer: For teams use /reshuffle and disable it


Question: Can we get rid of asking if teams balanced and also let the bot just randomly pick the map for us instead of voting?
Answer: /reshuffle for disabling the teams thing, and change your /map selection


Question: we forgot to extend the premium and 3 of my queues got completely reset
Answer: when a queue is force ended, it says the queue config in the channel


Question: For teams use /reshuffle and disable it
Answer: alright thank you so much <:pepe_love:1002056414644142110>


Question: /reshuffle for disabling the teams thing, and change your /map selection
Answer: okay thnaks!


Question: when a queue is force ended, it says the queue config in the channel
Answer: Some mods sent a message with a code but we're not sure which channel was that from, and I can't seem to find that message anywhere now


Question: this should now work ig.
Answer: Reshuffling should be disabled


Question: Reshuffling should be disabled
Answer: oh okay 🥲


Question: How did u set it up?
Answer: //tournament create name:xxx team_size:1 number_of_teams:20 and then started it with like 5 teams


Question: is there someway to force join a member or members?
Answer: /player add


Question: otherwise i can try and lookup the queue when i’m free tonight
Answer: any news about this?


Question: any news about this?
Answer: i can do it soon


Question: what’s the channel id?
Answer: These ones


Question: 
Answer: /staffchannel u mean?


Question: how do I activate this bot in my server? it's not working
Answer: Do /setup


Question: Do /setup
Answer: tried that already but the bot is not poppin. alrd gave perms to the specific channel and still aint working


Question: that would be a good command to add to /migratestats
Answer: Yep it would be a good command


Question: 1090225942762373150 and 1086059560759988305
Answer: BFDZF HXQAB and MRTWL XZITK


Question: In /map add you have the option to add gamemodes
Answer: how do I make it to where the best of 3 is always the same 3 game modes? please


Question: is there a way to reset my decay settings?
Answer: default is 10 MMR after 604800 seconds


Question: yep
Answer: Don’t think it’s possible


Question: default is 10 MMR after 604800 seconds
Answer: Yeah I accidentally did /mmr delay or whatever it was


Question: I can`t use the dashboard, I have to do something more?
Answer: Did you log in?


Question: how can I delete queues? when the channel has been deleted 🙂
Answer: queues are deleted when a channel is deleted usually, what are you seeing?


Question: queues are deleted when a channel is deleted usually, what are you seeing?
Answer: I have to find it again lol, it has been awhile that I used the bot


Question: Did you log in?
Answer: yes, I login > dashboard and show how much credits and the expiration date of my sub


Question: Is it possible to have captains on but only to choose map selection and leave the teams as random?
Answer: ??? 🥹


Question: ??? 🥹
Answer: dont think its possible


Question: Is it possible to have captains on but only to choose map selection and leave the teams as random?
Answer: no thats not possible, although having captains in non-captain selection is an interesting idea


Question: `/autoroles inqueue`
Answer: Thanks


Question: Hello, Is it possible to download the ranked list in Excel?
Answer: you can use the APIs or look at the network requests on the leaderboard page to get the data


Question: you added 2 weeks grace period to everyone?
Answer: i added it to an @player role which everyone has


Question: i added it to an @player role which everyone has
Answer: use the same command but add a negative value this time


Question: another vc
Answer: set a /lobbychannel set


Question: after typing '/' 
to see available bots command...
I cant find neatqueu bot commands in some channels... and can be only used in others, even tho they have the same perms and also one of the challenges that i cant use the commands in is the queue channel when we setup the bot... so im sure he have perms to see and manage messages at least in that channel
Answer: how must be hiding the commands in that channel, i can’t recall how


Question: hello, does any one know what shoud i type here ?
Answer: click back into the format box and it’ll give you an example, like - [$]


Question: also removes some roles
Answer: sounds like you want /autoroles notinqueue


Question: click back into the format box and it’ll give you an example, like - [$]
Answer: tried but nothing apears, shoid i just type - [$] ?


Question: But page 1 goes blank
Answer: right click the image and open in browser


Question: Is it possible that autroles dont work, if they are not in order  could this cause the bot to take away the role?
Answer: order does not matter


Question: If I want to create instead of TEAM 1, TEAM 2  I want the name of the players does the command work $user ? ( team name should be player name)
Answer: that is not supported no


Question: that is not supported no
Answer: We have a 1 vs 1 server


Question: if its a 1v1, the default team names are the player names
Answer: okay so if I changed the team names already in Team 1, Team 2, I cant go back=


Question: you can do `/teamnames` again
Answer: Thank you, I will try


Question: you can do `/teamnames` again
Answer: I tried is it possible that it takes some time to update?


Question: it won't update existing matches if thats what you mean
Answer: cause it said it updated it but it didnt


Question: as long as you do `/teamnames set`
Answer: I see


Question: did both matches actually happen?
Answer: Yea one closed one was left open


Question: ?
Answer: i did /setup but nothing happened


Question: i did /setup but nothing happened
Answer: u gave the right perms to the bot?


Question: look, whenever a match is ended the results come in the same channel as the queue system has been made in, any fix for this?
Answer: <@145305657237700608>


Question: can anyone help me setup?
Answer: can u show how do you send the command?


Question: look, whenever a match is ended the results come in the same channel as the queue system has been made in, any fix for this?
Answer: yeah its supposed to do that


Question: yeah its supposed to do that
Answer: oh okay


Question: u can change it
Answer: how do I


Question: like i was testing and i have some mmr, i want to remove my mmr and other friends' too
Answer: /add mmr, and to remove input negative numbers


Question: /add mmr, and to remove input negative numbers
Answer: Tysm!


Question: can u show how do you send the command?
Answer: sure


Question: 
Answer: missing perms


Question: hi <@648635725964902411> could you help me out on how I could setup the leaderboards so it shows the ones who have the most mmr?
Answer: that’s how the leaderboard works already


Question: like i was testing and i have some mmr, i want to remove my mmr and other friends' too
Answer: or /resetstats


Question: missing perms
Answer: which perms?


Question: that’s how the leaderboard works already
Answer: i mean, when i do /leaderboard it just says there needs to be a queue running


Question: send messages
Answer: has those perms but still nothing's happening


Question: <@145305657237700608> perms given still its the same
Answer: u checked the category perms?


Question: /add win, and /add loss,  negative numbers for decrement
Answer: TY 🫡


Question: how to lower the time that inactive players will be removed?
i want to lower from 5 mins --> 2 mins
Answer: I think you do this with /timer


Question: how to lower the time that inactive players will be removed?
i want to lower from 5 mins --> 2 mins
Answer: /lobbychannel timer


Question: what is your config if you /save
Answer: QHUWB


Question: How can i set the default mmr to 0 for everyone that enters
Answer: `/startingmmr`


Question: `/mmr change set`
Answer: /mmr change set 40? 
for this?
Win= +40
Lose= -20


Question: /mmr change set 40? 
for this?
Win= +40
Lose= -20
Answer: /mmr change set 40 and optional options lose 20, put it true on static


Question: /mmr change set 40 and optional options lose 20, put it true on static
Answer: THANKS


Question: And i still set the mmr change to 40 and this happens ⬇️  
@momento
+146.9 (1500)
Henri
@Henri -20.0
Answer: U set static to true?


Question: like i win +40
i win second time +40 streak +20 = +60
Answer: Do i / set streak for every role?


Question: / mmr multipliers streaks toggle:Disable, to disable
Answer: still didnt work, ill try other things


Question: Do i / set streak for every role?
Answer: Streak it’s just a number of how many wins in a row, it won’t multiply


Question: Streak it’s just a number of how many wins in a row, it won’t multiply
Answer: Yes, i want the streak to be 20, on every role


Question: Yes, i want the streak to be 20, on every role
Answer: wdym you want the streak to be 20


Question: wdym you want the streak to be 20
Answer: Win= +40
Lose= -20
Streak= +20


Question: can i not get premium w paypal?
Answer: not currently, the payments are through stripe


Question: use the command again and retry a match
Answer: okay


Question: what’s ur config /save
Answer: this?


Question: config works fine for me
Answer: something is broken, defenitly not related with queues since it worked for you


Question: something is broken, defenitly not related with queues since it worked for you
Answer: i can try more tomorrow, but a config code is an exact copy of the queue settings, so unless you have a different queue i’m not sure what else could be wrong


Question: / resultschannel
Answer: didnt work


Question: i can try more tomorrow, but a config code is an exact copy of the queue settings, so unless you have a different queue i’m not sure what else could be wrong
Answer: Could be roles since it won’t copy the other servers roles obviously


Question: didnt work
Answer: U tried another game?


Question: yea
Answer: Try /staff channel


Question: i guess role multiplier?
Answer: Ill try that tommorow


Question: what queue type are you using?
Answer: matchmaking


Question: matchmaking
Answer: if the players are actually within the range, then maybe the bot doesn’t have perms to create the match


Question: if the players are actually within the range, then maybe the bot doesn’t have perms to create the match
Answer: I think I may have solved it. will be testing it again tomorrow so I will let you know if the issue arises again


Question: I think I may have solved it. will be testing it again tomorrow so I will let you know if the issue arises again
Answer: If you just want to when a queue fills with 2 people and start the 1v1 you should change your queue type to pugs


Question: If you just want to when a queue fills with 2 people and start the 1v1 you should change your queue type to pugs
Answer: Would there still be mmr?


Question: <@648635725964902411> , how can I remove "are captains valid" polling?
Answer: /reshuffle


Question: i guess role multiplier?
Answer: thats an premium feauture i cannot change  i think?


Question: No it’s not
Answer: found the solution, /mmr multiplier remove "role"


Question: found the solution, /mmr multiplier remove "role"
Answer: Yeah that’s what i thought


Question: How can i  register other people if im admin?
Answer: currently there isnt a way to force a `/register` for another person


Question: Is there a way for the mmr appear next to their ign?
Answer: https://docs.neatqueue.com/#/?id=show-mmr-in-name


Question: https://docs.neatqueue.com/#/?id=show-mmr-in-name
Answer: It appears this when i try "/ratinginname format format: [$] location:Suffix


Question: if you are the server owner, it won't be able to nickname you
Answer: Thank you for all the support. you really work hard on this server


Question: `/rolerequirement @everyone`
Answer: thanks!!!


Question: so my 1v1 queue still is not working. and I swapped the queue type to pugs as well, and it says it requires 6 people. so it is not setting up the match it seems. any help?
Answer: U need to set teamsize to 1


Question: so I got it working, thank you. 

one last concern though. the leaderboard does reflect everybody in the server who has queued at least once? not just those in the queue, correct?
Answer: People with at least one game


Question: People with at least one game
Answer: Thanks. Is there some way to make the leaderboard exclusively display W-L-T? I don’t want players to see any MMR whatsoever.


Question: There’s a way if you use the api and then u can customize it, but otherwise no
Answer: Is there a tutorial? Completely hidden MMR is key for the system I’m implementing.


Question: Is there a tutorial? Completely hidden MMR is key for the system I’m implementing.
Answer: There’s no tutorial, you can check on yt with diff apis, api is on documentation


Question: There’s no tutorial, you can check on yt with diff apis, api is on documentation
Answer: thank you


Question: When I set the autoroles am I supposed to count like this -> (role 1) min 1000 max 2000 ; (role 2) min 2001 max 3000; (role 3) min 3001 max 4000, etc.
Answer: or min 1000 max 2000, min 2000 max 3000 , etc.


Question: or min 1000 max 2000, min 2000 max 3000 , etc.
Answer: like this


Question: the bot dont show the message to vote  for winner
Answer: did you change the /winnermessage results?


Question: What are peak mmr commands?
Answer: wdym?


Question: did you change the /winnermessage results?
Answer: aways was for staff vote


Question: How can I have a  channel with only the leaderboard?
Answer: /link then /leadearboard


Question: Valorant code with all maps added + anonymous queue: AIPMK  this code is working or no ?
Answer: Works for me


Question: How create comnd for leaderboard
Answer: /leaderboard


Question: 
Answer: Ohhh yeah I remember that


Question: Is there a fix or command that brings the Queue message back to the bottom of the channel. It sometimes doesn't auto drop down and the only solution I had was to end queue and reload it.
Answer: That’s by default


Question: for example, i want a 1v1 queue channel, 2v2, 3v3, 4v4, and 5v5. but i want all of the mmr to be synced, so your mmr is the same in the 1v1 and 5v5 if you play a match in the 1v1 or in the 5v5
Answer: you just have to name all the queues the same


Question: bot started making channels on top of the channel list rather than its normal category any fix? <@145305657237700608>
Answer: is it still happening? if so, what server?


Question: hey how do i remove the que if i added it to the wrong chatroom?
Answer: use /save, then /endqueue, then /load in the new channel


Question: why did a queue stop working
Answer: can u give some more info, what is happening


Question: is it still happening? if so, what server?
Answer: discord.gg/nack


Question: 
Answer: someone mustve ended the queue


Question: can i restart w/o the stats getting reset?
Answer: you would need to recreate the queue or load the config code if you have it


Question: if you enable developer options, you can right click and Copy Id
Answer: 1150509041504759868


Question: 1150509041504759868
Answer: try `/load WSBSS`


Question: I want to leave GK with 2 and linha with 14
Answer: `/roles`


Question: Hi <@145305657237700608> , How do i remove the captain voting feature? As some players are not familiar with this feature at the moment. We just added the NeatQueue bot to our server! Great job btw 👍🏽
Answer: you can change your /teamselection


Question: how many games can be played at the time?
i mean ... if one game will  be played rn can a 2nd game start aswell?
Answer: yup no limit on concurrent games


Question: yup no limit on concurrent games
Answer: kk good to know 😄


Question: how can set mmr and rest for started all player 50 elo
Answer: U mean reset stats for everyone, and the set the starting mmr to 50?


Question: U mean reset stats for everyone, and the set the starting mmr to 50?
Answer: is not work


Question: If there a way to prevent a player joining multiple queues at the same time?
Answer: That’s by default


Question: Hey <@145305657237700608> 
Amount of MMR here should be positive or negative number?
Answer: If you say the penalty is 10, then the player will lose 10 MMR


Question: <@145305657237700608> hi can help me for set mmr for win and lose and start mmr ?
Answer: you can use `/mmr change set`


Question: for a mmr multiplier, i wanted to make it where server boosters receive a 25% mmr boost. if i use /mmr multiplier set, and give them the 1.25 multiplier, does that also mean that they have a 1.25 losing multiplier as well as a 1.25 winning?
Answer: nope it only applies to wins


Question: and then also, if i have another role that receives a 1.10 boost lets say, and someone has both roles, will they receive the total multiplier, which would be 1.35? or do they just receive one of the multipliers
Answer: they will get whatever multiplier is higher


Question: can i make it that a person that is still in a match is not able to join a new queue?
Answer: That’s by default


Question: can i cancle a queue?
Answer: /cancel


Question: im a bit confused on how to set up where the bot takes the players from
Answer: wdym?


Question: i think i found it but its not letting me pick the channel
Answer: you can automatically drag all players to the queue voice channel via /lobbychannel pullall


Question: you can automatically drag all players to the queue voice channel via /lobbychannel pullall
Answer: it says to omit but doesnt give me an option


Question: is it possible?
Answer: /info


Question: /info
Answer: Thanks


Question: if someone mistakenly ended the queue
and the message that appears with the config code got deleted...
could we somehow get it back from somewhere else?
Answer: as of two days ago, yes


Question: with /config list
Answer: okey thanks


Question: is it possible to set certain roles to be able to have admin permissions with the bot, or do they have to have the Administrator setting on for their role
Answer: /staffrole add


Question: is there a way to copy paste a queue?into another  channel?
Answer: /config save and /config load


Question: /config save and /config load
Answer: if I modify the second queue will it modify the config aswell?


Question: my roles are not working
Answer: That’s games


Question: if I modify the second queue will it modify the config aswell?
Answer: no they aren’t linked


Question: Is it technically feasible to implement the proposed dynamic ranked queue system, where queues close and open based on player ranks and levels, to ensure balanced matchmaking and provide a more competitive gaming experience?
Answer: 1.    Join the Ranked Queue: Players of all skill levels can initially join the general ranked queue. This is where you begin your journey.
    2.    Earn Your Stripes: As you play and improve, you’ll climb the ranks and strive to reach the designated level or role that marks you as a high-skilled player.
    3.    Queue Advancement: Once the required number of players achieves the target rank, we’ll close the current queue for those players, ensuring they face off against opponents of similar skill.
    4.    New Challenge: A brand-new ranked queue will open up for high-skilled players who’ve met the criteria. This is where the competition intensifies!


Question: Is it technically feasible to implement the proposed dynamic ranked queue system, where queues close and open based on player ranks and levels, to ensure balanced matchmaking and provide a more competitive gaming experience?
Answer: you can set up different queues for different ranks


Question: how can i make it that only team captains can ban maps?
Answer: `/map selection voting`


Question: `/map selection voting`
Answer: yeah i found it already but ty


Question: you can set up different queues for different ranks
Answer: but the moment someone gets to an higher rank how can I stop him to see the other  queue?


Question: so the bot can take the roles away and give them back ?
Answer: you use /autoroles for that


Question: uhm how do u remove a queue
Answer: Just /resetstats all and name that queue


Question: How to save a queue so that the roles will be shown all the time
Answer: what?


Question: 
Answer: ty worked for him


Question: hello! How do I get people to see the queue? The channel is private and people who are not in the queue cannot enter. And I want people to be able to come and watch
Answer: /channel restrictions


Question: How can i prevent a player from leaving the queue after matchmaking has started ?
Answer: Not possible


Question: Not possible
Answer: Unfortunately. I believe it’s a great functionality if it could be added.


Question: That would be awesome
Answer: could you give me the example you were trying so i can test?


Question: is there any way to force balanced every time and not have people vote for captain, randoms, etc?
Answer: `/teamselection`


Question: TGM headshinsky#7478
Answer: look right?


Question: look right?
Answer: Awesome, thanks!


Question: Is there a way to lock temp channel access so no one can chat in it so they don’t spam? We just want the temp channel to post lobby code
Answer: There’s no a exact command for that


Question: Hey <@145305657237700608> 
Bot is not moving people to voice channels
Answer: bot probably doesnt have perms to move members


Question: bot probably doesnt have perms to move members
Answer: bot have all perms, it was temp issue


Question: hello, does anyone know what is the command for reseting the win/lose in the leaderboard
Answer: Reset for all /reset stats all, reset individually /resetstats player


Question: <@648635725964902411> Can i ask a few things about matchmaking?
Answer: Yea sure


Question: Only Win lose, is /win add (negative n to decrease), /loss add (negative n to decrease)
Answer: or `/set wins` and `/set losses`


Question: to start the Queue  all players have to be in the channel how can i make it started with none in the voice
Answer: `/voicechannels mode mode:`


Question: Umm so, i've set it so that when a player wins a game, they receive 1 singular point. But it doesnt seem to add to the stats when the game is done. Any solutions? <@145305657237700608>
Answer: There’s a difference between points and mmr


Question: Hi So i have 3 Different Channels for 3 Different q's

i want a different channel where everyone can use different bot commands like leaderboard  ( which should link all 3 channels and displays everyone by mmr )

how do i do that?
Answer: if you want all the queues to have the same shared stats, you will either need to name them all the same or use `/leaderboardconfig sharedstats`


Question: then you can `/link` to one of the queue channels and people can use commands
Answer: cool thanks


Question: How can I change the name of a queue without resetting the stats or anything?
Answer: u need to do another one and then /migrate stats


Question: And i don't want a vote for how teams will be i just want it captains always
Answer: /teamselection


Question: Hello, I need help configuring the bot from scratch.
Answer: https://docs.neatqueue.com/


Question: i have this error WSKZP
Answer: looks like missing perms to create channels


Question: /teamselection
Answer: After i make it to random it doesn't save do i need to do something to save it?


Question: what's mmr meaning
Answer: match making ratio


Question: After i make it to random it doesn't save do i need to do something to save it?
Answer: It should send a message the config has been saved


Question: It should send a message the config has been saved
Answer: It does send but after i use /teamselection again i don't see it set to random


Question: It does send but after i use /teamselection again i don't see it set to random
Answer: Bc that how it works


Question: 
Answer: /reshuffle


Question: It won’t show the config again on /teamselection
Answer: yh but after i join the q i have to vote


Question: /reshuffle
Answer: the bot sets 2 captains but players have to vote ?


Question: the bot sets 2 captains but players have to vote ?
Answer: Reshuffle its for disabling or enabling the confirm vote


Question: 
Answer: <@648635725964902411> i want this to appear everytime the queue fills out … bot balanced selection + players vote to confirm captains


Question: 
Answer: U disable that by /reshuffle


Question: <@648635725964902411> i want this to appear everytime the queue fills out … bot balanced selection + players vote to confirm captains
Answer: That only will appear on team selection and captain selection


Question: <@648635725964902411> , while picking players, second captain can pick two members, how to change it to 1?
Answer: /captains drafttype type:Straight (1-1-1-1)


Question: how can i ping players who are in active queue (already match made)?
Answer: thats not a thing currently


Question: interesting idea though
Answer: it helps with notifying players to vote for a winner, specially when its mandatory to select a winner for a player to requeue


Question: Is it possible to add @team1 @team2 roles in queue so i can ping teams <@648635725964902411> <@145305657237700608>
Answer: You just can add one


Question: /autoroles ingame
Answer: So if i add team1 role it will be given to the players in team 1


Question: /setup then /leadearboard
Answer: are you able to help me by any chance im really struggling to set this up 🙏🏿


Question: are you able to help me by any chance im really struggling to set this up 🙏🏿
Answer: Setup is very interactive, what are you struggling with?


Question: are you able to help me by any chance im really struggling to set this up 🙏🏿
Answer: First use /link then pick the queue u want leaderborad to show then/leaderboard


Question: Any possibility to perma disable mmr in queue?
Answer: Not really


Question: <@145305657237700608> Hello friend, I have your bot in one of my discords, how do I start the queue that already exists in a channel? our friend who does this is sleeping. What is this command?
Answer: Just fill the queue


Question: auto pick?
Answer: When a captain is afk


Question: found a bug, its fixed now
Answer: Thank you, will test


Question: match history how can I move Match history into another text channel
Answer: /resultschannel


Question: how can I clone a queue?
Answer: /config


Question: hey so i have 3 different places to qeueue but i need to chance something about all of them which is add  hero selection to each qeueu  how do i change them at the same time?
Answer: you would need to use configs as well


Question: how do i get rid of the role selection and add where they can like vote on maps or somthing like that
Answer: Map voting is /map add


Question: how do i get rid of the role selection and add where they can like vote on maps or somthing like that
Answer: To get rid off the roles is /roles and just use it without any parameters


Question: or how do i take where you vote for captain off
Answer: You want captain random?


Question: You want captain random?
Answer: i just want it where it picks teams for me like someone doesnt pick teams


Question: but the new setup isn't creating a new text channel like it does with the VC
Answer: /tempchannels


Question: Is there a way i can link one leaderboard to multiple queues? This will help me in implementing the ranking system
Answer: You need to name all the queues by the same name to share stats on one leaderboard


Question: You need to name all the queues by the same name to share stats on one leaderboard
Answer: Now i have made sure everything is linked to one leaderboard, how can i implement autoroles to all my queues while not overlapping each other?


Question: Queues with the  same name doesn’t share config
Answer: Meaning that each config needs a auto role setup ?


Question: Meaning that each config needs a auto role setup ?
Answer: Having the same name doesn’t mean their config will be the same


Question: The only way to setup autoroles once for all queues is by making one and saving the config
Answer: Got it. Thanks


Question: Hey mate was just wondering how to add a spectator role to join the voice channels without giving them the admin role for people wanting to watch the games
Answer: `/spectatorrole`


Question: you didnt ask a question <:HamHuh:860243844624809994>
Answer: how can i make vote for captains


Question: how can i make vote for captains
Answer: /teamselection


Question: How do i make a que i want to have role select  mid, jungle, offlane, adc, and support its like lol but its a different game
Answer: `/roles`


Question: /teamselection
Answer: it's still choose random captians


Question: it's still choose random captians
Answer: `/captains selection`


Question: you can customize the nickname for free, premium lets you add branding to embeds + custom language overrides
Answer: How can i customize the bot nickname?


Question: How can i customize the bot nickname?
Answer: Just click it and change nickname


Question: 
Answer: Do that in the queue channel


Question: Do that in the queue channel
Answer: for every Q or just one


Question: for every Q or just one
Answer: I think he means the main q channel where ppl join q


Question: for every Q or just one
Answer: If u do one queue it won’t change anything since every queue has it’s own config


Question: U need to change the /captainselecetion one by one
Answer: still doesn't work


Question: The bot is not adding people to my queue ban role idk why 
He is doing it for ppl that rejoin the dc but not for ppl which created a new acc 
Min acc age needs to be 30days

Do they have to start queuing to get the role or should they get it automatically after joining the dc
Answer: only when they attempt to queue will they get the role


Question: only when they attempt to queue will they get the role
Answer: Well then sometimes he is not doing it


Question: still doesn't work
Answer: <@145305657237700608> <@648635725964902411>


Question: can i make it that the mmr stays the same in 2 different queues?
only thing i can find is Migrate Stats /migratestats
Answer: Wdym by stays the same?


Question: how do i make it so when the queue pops it says join team 1 or team 2 instead of captains etc
Answer: Can you be more specific


Question: how can you do lobby creation in a specific category?
Answer: /channel category category_mode:


Question: Is there a way to make winner vote buttons show for only staff? I want to make it so you don't have to put in the command "/outcome selectwinner"
Answer: /winnermessage results


Question: /winnermessage results
Answer: when I use that there isn't a vote button anymore


Question: U need to specify the category mode*
Answer: okay


Question: when I use that there isn't a vote button anymore
Answer: Oh sorry, i forgot


Question: Oh sorry, i forgot
Answer: thanks alot that was exactly what I was looking for


Question: like a way to tell the bot to allow this role to join the q vc to listen to comes
Answer: /spectatorrole


Question: ?
Answer: it's still random


Question: `/captains selection`
Answer: it's still random look video


Question: ty
Answer: you need to share the config code so we can check out your settings


Question: Hi, is there a way to set a "flex" role which can be filled into any other role?
Answer: not currently


Question: how can i make a role ban from Q For a specific time for someone didn't come to Q for 5 minutes
Answer: `/player autoban`


Question: you need to share the config code so we can check out your settings
Answer: Queue configuration saved as: 5541


Question: Queue configuration saved as: 5541
Answer: You must be doing something wrong, it works for me when i do /captain selection changes


Question: You must be doing something wrong, it works for me when i do /captain selection changes
Answer: no i didn't i'm frist  write /captain selection and select vote  for captain  and start the Q


Question: so what i have to do
Answer: try `/config load MCPEJ`


Question: but they aren't linked to your IP, just your discord account
Answer: ok so if someone else had generated it and i was using it in a script, that shouldn't be the point of failure?


Question: how do i sign up for premium for my server?
Answer: https://www.neatqueue.com


Question: what’s the new name?
Answer: games-1307 and it changes everytime a new game starts


Question: the queue channel name changes via /channel name
Answer: the queue name is not changing srry, the text channel is changing of nam


Question: games-1307 and it changes everytime a new game starts
Answer: that channel is new per game


Question: it’s a temporary channel just for the game
Answer: actually is the general chat i create for the people to talk


Question: in the pic i send u there is one channel which is the temporary channel and the other
Answer: i’m not sure what you mean, it definitely doesn’t rename any channel on match start


Question: did you specify a captains role?
Answer: no i thought u did


Question: how do I show which players are queueing for each role like this? I've already enabled roles and it works fine, but it doesn't show it like that in the queue message
Answer: How does it show?


Question: no i thought u did
Answer: How would he do it if he’s not in your server lul


Question: 
Answer: That’s a matchmaking queue


Question: I might be crazy tho, I don't remember if it was set as matchmaking before
Answer: As u can see in the reference pic u sent, is not a Matchmaking queue, its a PUGs one


Question: Its hard to understand all the commands of the bot, but is there a feature that allows for the bot to ping specific roles when a queue fills up-to a certain level?
Answer: `/autoping`


Question: I have a problem with the server because of the bot. I want a solution
Answer: What problem?


Question: <@145305657237700608> neatqueue is acting up in my server, what am i suppose to do
Answer: Can you be more specific?


Question: so i had parties disabled untill to day 
i enabled them and removied captain map and team pick but for some reason the bot is not making the map voting change to random map selection and i dont know why everytime i try to change it it will still be map voting
Answer: /map selection doesn’t work?


Question: /map selection doesn’t work?
Answer: it was on vote before now i put it on random and its still on vote


Question: it was on vote before now i put it on random and its still on vote
Answer: Can you send me your config?


Question: Can you send me your config?
Answer: AHVKH


Question: Can you be more specific?
Answer: when my members join the queue vc, the bot cannot indicate the players


Question: AHVKH
Answer: I see what’s the issue


Question: discord credit?
Answer: Did you already buy the credits?


Question: And do /map selection to random again and it will be fixed
Answer: now for some reason the bot is putting al the queue channel  not into the right place


Question: i missclicked and deleted the queue join xd how can i get it back ? 😄
Answer: the queue message to join?


Question: it includes the same stuff in the basic tier
Answer: is there a guide for the "Includes extra customization to the queue message, as well as customizing all the bot's phrases."


Question: no guide, but the premium commands are `/queuemessage` and `/language overrides`
Answer: how do i turn on <#915812742865231912> ?


Question: yep configs last forever
Answer: is there a way i can set up differnt mmr for a rank
so for example

someone can be Tank 100 mmr and someone else can be tank 200mmr
and other players can be support 100 mmr and etc based on the roles/mmr


Question: makes sense yea, but thats not currently a feature
Answer: rip, but thanks for the help! u been helping a ton!


Question: The auth header you are using has staff permissions in the server?
Answer: it has every staff permission but isnt the highest role in the server (though it has the admin perm and all)


Question: make sure the header is attached
Answer: when i was doing script url request, i passed the header correspondingly, not sure how i'd do that via curl i just straight copied the command generated in the API docs


Question: The channel won’t auto delete unless the voting is done
Answer: there's no vote  the is for only staff


Question: Team 1 picks 1 player
Team 2 picks 1 player
If Team 2 has a lower average MMR than Team 1, then Team 2 picks again, otherwise, Team 1 picks
Answer: So it would take average of two players in team 1? as team 1 captain had one turn only


Question: So if somebody is afk you dont have to full clear the entire queue
Answer: /player remove


Question: Hi, is there a way to setup a queue where players can vote to choose the team size and if it reached the required votes it would start the queue?
Answer: Don’t think so


Question: theres a command /ping and players r using it to see the players in the queue when theyre not meant to be able to
Answer: Im not sure if u can disable an specific command, but you can disable the use of slash commands via server integrations


Question: hey, i used to be able to do this, but if I want a queue that is meant for 8 people (2 4man teams) but I want to set it to 9/10 people how do I do that? This would mean 1-2 people wont be picked
Answer: maybe you are thinking about /queuesizeoverride? if so, unfortunately that command has been deprecated


Question: by default, yes
Answer: it's still doesn`t work


Question: 
Answer: there must be something overriding the bot´s perm


Question: 
Answer: <@648635725964902411> <@145305657237700608>


Question: <@648635725964902411> <@145305657237700608>
Answer: Looks like someone ended the queue?


Question: maybe you are thinking about /queuesizeoverride? if so, unfortunately that command has been deprecated
Answer: damn, so theres no alternative to that?


Question: Queue's auto-lock function in "/lock" is no longer available. Is that the kind of update?
Answer: That command is deprecated


Question: That command is deprecated
Answer: I see thx


Question: I see thx
Answer: use `/schedule` instead


Question: use `/schedule` instead
Answer: oh! that's good🥰  thx!


Question: can i remove this ?
Answer: `/reshuffle Disabled`


Question: or just click the title of the leaderboard
Answer: but I want it to work in discord not in browser


Question: when neatqueue makes a queue channel I am getting a permissions error, even though the bot has the required perms. is this a common issue?
Answer: Check out if theres something overriding the bot´s perms


Question: like, category settings, roles that you may gave to the bot
Answer: it only has the original role it gave itself with perms, and the channel i am trying to use it in I specifically put its role in there and made sure it was checked


Question: does role heiarchy make any difference?
Answer: If u put for example, a normal role over the role the bot itself created it will override the perms


Question: If u put for example, a normal role over the role the bot itself created it will override the perms
Answer: ah, yeah i see the problem now


Question: You can do /requireregister for valorant (This only will work if they have mmr, or played rank games), and then you can set /autoroles for each mmr range you want to, and then for a queue to limit access to one role you can do /rolerequirement add
Answer: is there a way to link queues so they all share stats though?


Question: is there a way to link queues so they all share stats though?
Answer: Yeah if u name all the queues by the same name, stats will share


Question: Yeah if u name all the queues by the same name, stats will share
Answer: oh xD must have missed that in the documentation


Question: Hi. I’m trying to setup the bot for predecessor, creating a role queue for two teams of 5 however when the queue was full, it didn’t pop at all?
Answer: it didnt make a "#queue-x"?


Question: No
Answer: no, not necessarily, it should just make a new text channel with the necessary things


Question: Do temp channels need to be enabled during the setup process it walks you through ?
Answer: If u disable temps channels, then the queue will execute on the queue channel with no channel creations


Question: ok, and then within each queue channel i just set the role requirement, and then set a link channel for registration yeah?
Answer: If you want, you can also use /mmr requirement and won’t need to set autoroles


Question: If you want, you can also use /mmr requirement and won’t need to set autoroles
Answer: i think auto roles is cool so everyone can see who theyre competing with


Question: And just assemble the teams?
Answer: You can check a basic guide here: https://www.neatqueue.com/guide


Question: /mmr change allow_disable allow_disable:False
Answer: can you pause queue so people can only use them during designated times? i dont see that anywhere


Question: can you pause queue so people can only use them during designated times? i dont see that anywhere
Answer: No u can’t pause a game


Question: If I added in heroes though previously, I am assuming it deleted those inputs when I set the queue up over again??
Answer: any time you end the queue you lose everything


Question: like if i only want people to be able to play friday and tuesday, for example
Answer: Oh, there’s a new update for that, check /schedule on documentation, i think u can achieve it like that, *If u want it automatic*. if u want to do it manually just do /lock, and /unlock on friday and tuesday


Question: any time you end the queue you lose everything
Answer: No you don’t lose it, it just ends, but the data is saved on the code the bot drops 😊


Question: I want the same draft type for every match it creates
Answer: It’s always gonna be the same, just do /captains drafttype if u wanna change it


Question: When I change the number of lobbies to f.e 2 the queue will go to 0/20 does that mean that 20 people need to queue before a match will start or will it also start a match if 10 people queue bcs it would be one lobby
Answer: it waits for 20


Question: after there is enough ppl in hte queue to start a match
its takes too long before creating the channels and actually start the match
is there a command for this>?
Answer: maybe you are using the matchmaking queue type? switch to /queuetype PUGs


Question: You wanna skip everything?
Answer: NAH JUST TO AVOID WASTIN TIME


Question: NAH JUST TO AVOID WASTIN TIME
Answer: But what are u refering to?


Question: i wanted to ask, once que has started and puts the players in the voice channels how do i set the voice channel name and not to be the players name
Answer: is it 1v1, or its captains name?


Question: AND IS THERE A WAY ONCE THE QUE IS FULL AND CREATES A VOICE CHANNEL IT AUTO DRAGS IN EVERYON THATS IN THE QUE
Answer: Yeah u set a Lobby


Question: It creates one but doesn’t drag everyone to it
Answer: U need to create a vc


Question: also, once in the que it is not asking best of 1 or 3
Answer: Did u set the vote to true?


Question: Did u set the vote to true?
Answer: no how do i do that plz


Question: no how do i do that plz
Answer: On the parameter


Question: On the parameter of the command /bestof
Answer: is there a way where once the teams are chosen the players pick best of 1 or 3


Question: Also select vote selection to majority
Answer: how do i do this


Question: is there a way where once the teams are chosen the players pick best of 1 or 3
Answer: Yeah with the command i said


Question: and/or cancel a queue if a player leaves after the lobby is setup but before the actual game starts?
Answer: /cancel


Question: If you have it in required
Answer: they did join vc, it was after they got moved to team calls


Question: Is there any way to make a queue with only one team?
Answer: /numberofteams 1


Question: /numberofteams 1
Answer: OH CRAP 💀 that's mb


Question: I'm being a tit somehow. I've had this for months and had it as admin as its easier than changing perms etc and never had an issue

I moved it to a bot role, I've enabled perms but I'm still getting this message
Answer: The only solution is checking what is overriding the bot’s perms


Question: The only solution is checking what is overriding the bot’s perms
Answer: perfect mate sorted it


Question: <@145305657237700608> i use this bot just for 1v1 matchups, is there a way to remove the team selection stuff and just have the enable/disable mmr button?
Answer: /teamselection


Question: But the enable and disable button for mmr won’t be available
Answer: would mmr be enabled or disabled by default


Question: would mmr be enabled or disabled by default
Answer: Enabled


Question: is this normal for the matchmaking to adjust rating by a different # than whats specified before
Answer: yes, the estimated MMR change does not include any multipliers


Question: if you used the new code it sends when you end, that would work fine
Answer: I used save config then loaded it into a new channel


Question: i assume you had an old code written down you loaded up
Answer: Its not old maybe 2 weeks


Question: what sort of stats? no i have no plans
Answer: i guess just the leaderboard but more back end oriented, like matches played, player count, win %, but in like a csv format


Question: but you can’t specify which team currently
Answer: can we expect an addition to teams option for /captain firstpick command ?


Question: can we expect an addition to teams option for /captain firstpick command ?
Answer: yea would be good, not today but soon


Question: can we expect an addition to teams option for /captain firstpick command ?
Answer: team 1 would always be the lower rated team, so setting the first pick to lower rated will make it team 1


Question: team 1 would always be the lower rated team, so setting the first pick to lower rated will make it team 1
Answer: Works perfectly, thanks!


Question: How to add a custom polling option? like please choose the server option?
Answer: check out `/votingmenu`


Question: there are spawning queues constantly
Answer: When u mean constantly, you mean when a match is ended, or is it random


Question: When u mean constantly, you mean when a match is ended, or is it random
Answer: yes when a match is ended


Question: Hey! I wanted to know if there is a way to link roles (ex:Iron, Bronze, Silver, Gold,etc..) so they get priority for captains, because we want to use the MMR system and have the actual Valorant ranks too.
Answer: sorry didn’t see this message, you can check out /balanceby to switch team balance so it uses discord roles instead of MMR, or /captains role for a priority in getting captain, that’s the two more related things i can think off


Question: is neatqueue only designed for match up queues? or can it also be for a role playing game were ppl are on the same team, and there oisnt necesarrily a competition between 2  + teams
Answer: you can set the /numberofteams to 1, you just won’t get many stats since there isn’t any wins/losses


Question: how can i make  the channel for Q  priete not for every one
Answer: <@145305657237700608>


Question: <@145305657237700608>
Answer: the match channel, or where you made the queue?


Question: the match channel, or where you made the queue?
Answer: ye team1 and team2


Question: or add mmr to everyone with a role
Answer: i think he means, if i add u "X" role, you will get an specific mmr


Question: i think he means, if i add u "X" role, you will get an specific mmr
Answer: ah yea nothing like that directly


Question: Can you still set up a no multi queue, so people can join a queue if there in another or in a current game?
Answer: you can change the /requeue condition


Question: sorry didn’t see this message, you can check out /balanceby to switch team balance so it uses discord roles instead of MMR, or /captains role for a priority in getting captain, that’s the two more related things i can think off
Answer: Thanks a lot man, been struggling a couple days with it hahaha <:PeepoLove:554421105805230120>


Question: how to cancel the queue channel '' the channel that must player join on it to complete the queue '
Answer: Do you mean disable it?


Question: Do you mean disable it?
Answer: exactly


Question: i need the queue to start without come this voice
Answer: You can make it to not be required by /voicechannels mode, and set it to optional, or if you don’t want voicechannels set it to disabled


Question: is there a way to make queue channels viewable by everyone?
Answer: voice channels?


Question: voice channels?
Answer: the channels that say like, queue#255


Question: i tried both of those and viewing the server as the spectator role and they didnt work. it seems like the spectatorrole only applies to voice channels, but i want everyone to be able to view the "queue#" channels
Answer: Channel restrictions should work


Question: Channel restrictions should work
Answer: so everyone can view the channels now, but i don’t want them to be able to talk in them, is there a way to do that?


Question: so everyone can view the channels now, but i don’t want them to be able to talk in them, is there a way to do that?
Answer: So if u want that, channel restrictions isn’t what u need, you need the spectatorrole


Question: So if u want that, channel restrictions isn’t what u need, you need the spectatorrole
Answer: spectatorrole can still talk in the queue


Question: spectatorrole can still talk in the queue
Answer: In the parameters of the spectator role you can see other parameter called can speak


Question: so you want people to not be able to talk?
Answer: ye i want everyone to see the queue channels but only the contestants and admins can talk


Question: did you try adding everyone as a spectator role?
Answer: the spectator role is my "verified" role which is everyone except bots


Question: that didnt work?
Answer: i also tried switching it to @ everyone and they can still talk


Question: cant u just disable it for the category?
Answer: we tried that


Question: hmm ok i guess send messages should be disabled explicitly for spectators
Answer: so is that an issue with the bot or my end


Question: no i will make that update
Answer: cool, can i expect the update in the updates channel so i know when to test it?


Question: Cause from what i see using hero bans as your draft method only allows straight draft
Answer: perhaps im not sure


Question: Hey <@145305657237700608> , have a few questions about the bot

1) I want to set 30 mmr per win\loss, but it should depend on average mmr of teams. E.G. if your team have 600 mmr average, and enemy 500 mmr average, then **ALL TEAM** gain +27 and lose -33 (So all players in team gain same mmr, but gain depends on team strength like faceit) Is it possible?

2) Is it possible to make that players cant be captains for 2 games in a row? I want to use "vote for captains" but players who were captains in previous game should not be included in vote

3) Is it possible to make /cancel that need 9\10 votes and winner message still should have 6\10 votes?
Answer: 1) No this isnt a thing currently, everyone has indepedent MMR changes. You can almost get what you want if you do `/message winnermessage format`
2) Also not a thing, but maybe a feature request
3) Thats a good idea i think, being able to override specific vote requirements


Question: Is there a way to only allow certain roles to join queue? I would like for my supporters only to be able to queue for certain days
Answer: /rolerequirement


Question: /rolerequirement
Answer: thanks! will test now


Question: hello when the queue is full and it makes the first team 1 and 2 it doesnt automatically drag people into the call team 1 and 2 and also the voice channels randomly start being made at the top of the discord can i pleas have some help?
Answer: U changed neatqueue’s perms? Or added any role


Question: did nothing also just double checked logs to confirm that
Answer: Hmm, try to do /channel category to specify the category where the channels are going to be created


Question: It can bug for one server ?
Answer: honestly no clue


Question: How to add certain maps in an existing queue that dont have to be chosen by players, but get randomly picked by the bot? Ty
Answer: You can just add them via `/map add`, then change the `/map selection` to random


Question: And do i need to add the maps 1 by 1 or seperate them by using ","
Answer: yes 😦


Question: Do queues that stop due to premium subscription expiry automatically start or do i need to re-setup queue ?
Answer: you would need to reload the config


Question: have u tried changing the winner message format?
Answer: Yeah but players with low mmr still will get a lot, even if they are playing in strong team
We need mmr deviating totally depend on team strength


Question: how to disable this option
Answer: `/voicechannels mode`


Question: i tried setting the queue to mmrfloor 1100  but people below 1100 could still join queue
Answer: mmrfloor means the limit of the lowest mmr that people can reach, what you want is /mmr requirement


Question: is there a way to have a role that gains u access to the queue even if ur mmr is below the mmr requirement?
Answer: no that requirement can't be overriden


Question: so long story short, the owner of the server deleted it already cause he got banned from the game
and im trying to make the new scrim in my team server
Answer: send me a DM and we can try and figure something out


Question: thanks 😇
Answer: done


Question: hmm the bot should be setting @ everyone to have view_channel disabled
Answer: ^ same thing, what does yours look like?


Question: ^ same thing, what does yours look like?
Answer: @ everyone has view_channel disabled for me but they can still see queue channels


Question: for some reason everyone can see the queue channel o.o (i mean ppl who are not in the queue)
Answer: it was never like this before i changed nothing xd


Question: it was never like this before i changed nothing xd
Answer: ye me too


Question: im assuming everyone has view_channel disabled, but your verified role has view_channel enabled?
Answer: yes it has


Question: ok ill revert that permission change
Answer: can u tell us when its done?


Question: This happened a number of times now. Is this a bug in captain selection random?
Answer: that looks like a bug, ill investigate


Question: This happened a number of times now. Is this a bug in captain selection random?
Answer: cant reproduce, you have any more info? is this the first vote for captains?


Question: cant reproduce, you have any more info? is this the first vote for captains?
Answer: Oh no, we went through 10 or more vote messages. Also i noticed that it happens when alot of players vote at the same time


Question: how can i make channel for logs
Answer: winners and points


Question: ah yea, thats a good idea
Answer: If/when you do could you ping me and lmk


Question: If/when you do could you ping me and lmk
Answer: will do


Question: <@857633321064595466> goldenrule
Answer: All stats are tied to the queue name!
If queues have the same name, they will share the same leaderboard!
Otherwise, the stats are totally separate!


Question: yeah, fresh bot and fresh queue, i dont have the casual role and i can queue
Answer: ah, i forgot i added the @ everyone role as a required role by default


Question: How do I have two different leaderboards? <@145305657237700608>
Answer: What do you mean?


Question: If/when you do could you ping me and lmk
Answer: done <#910981294937210930>


Question: is there a way to have a vote to pick server region?
Answer: you can add a custom `/votingmenu`


Question: 
Answer: this is the staffchannel for staff to monitor match results + modify if needed


Question: There’s no option for that, you just can disable it via category settings or server integrations
Answer: I have temp channels on, does that apply to it also ?


Question: or maybe it does work like the additional person stays in queue
Answer: this is how it functions


Question: We did a test earlier and people had to join VC’s to start. How can i disable that?
Answer: Voice channels mode to optional


Question: question, so i have no clue how to get the results i want. im pretty stupid with bots, althought i just want to set this up for some fun. im using the same model as someone else and i cant figure out how he did some of his features.

Firstly, he has a waiting room VC and when the queue gets full, it auto pull everyone into the VC for their queue so that the match start automatically once everyone is in and auto pulls them in their new team VC. Mine doesn't do any of that.

2nd when all players join the queue VC, instead of the match starting automatically and picking the teams based on MMR, it makes us do a vote for captains, random, etc. even tho during setup i just put normal individual queues.

also if i did the advanced setup, i noticed it doesnt put the match details in the temporary queue text channel, it puts it in the public channel for some reason, when i only do the basic setup it categorizes it correctly which is weird.
Answer: first: `/lobbychannel`
second: this is the default setting, change via `/teamselection`
third: What match details?


Question: sometimes "winner of the queue" is bugged, fake queues are shown instead, is there a way to "respawn" a winner of the queue for a choosen queue?
Answer: wdym bugged?


Question: is it every time?
Answer: not always but frequently, it's a random thing


Question: although I'm afraid of messing up the bot, last time we had to start all over again
Answer: you can save snapshots of your current config with `/config`


Question: Is there a way to do a dynamic scoreboard and winners? Like I'm trying to do something for Battle Royale and it's not as simple as "XYZ won" . Is there a way I can give certain points for certain placements ? And then after each match just fill it out "team 1 got 1st, team 2 got 13th etc"
Answer: not currently, it only allows 1 winner so doesnt function great for BRs


Question: How can i make team 1 captain pick first
Answer: `/captains firstpick mode:Highest Rated`


Question: `/captains firstpick mode:Highest Rated`
Answer: Didn't work?


Question: when i do leaderboard in elite queue it's just 3 people
Answer: you probably have a role requirement for that queue?


Question: you probably have a role requirement for that queue?
Answer: yeah i do, but only role requirement leaderboards can show up


Question: Hi, how can i fix the first page does not work in the leaderboards? Specifically for MMR (W-L-T)
Answer: does it work fine online?


Question: Hi!
I have a question. The MMR that you set to a user with the command (/sett mrr) is global? I mean, does it apply to every queue in the server?
If not, how can I make the MMR Global to the server and shared between queues?
Thanks!
Answer: <@857633321064595466> goldenrule


Question: <@857633321064595466> goldenrule
Answer: All stats are tied to the queue name!
If queues have the same name, they will share the same leaderboard!
Otherwise, the stats are totally separate!


Question: hey this is not really an important issue or a problem for us, but when we have a role requirement then the leaderboards have inaccurate green or red indicators, im assuming because it calculates a difference in rank across leaderboards of the same queue
Answer: hmm that makes sense


Question: is there a way to join a Q without the bot sending us a dm? New to using this bot, we have a competitive Gears 5 server over 700 people, we are trying to add this Elo bot.
Answer: what DM? the bot doesn’t send any DMs when you join queue


Question: what DM? the bot doesn’t send any DMs when you join queue
Answer: yes , it sent me a dm to join the part/q


Question: why can anyone enter the voice channels and not just queue participants?
Answer: You must disabled channel restrictions?


Question: whats up
Answer: I want to add a role to allow ROMs to appear


Question: if I set ```/tempchannels permissions set role:@everyone permission:View Channel value:Deny```will players for the game still be given access to the channel? So that no one other than players can see the temp channel I mean
Answer: yeah


Question: ROMs?
Answer: yea rooms


Question: if I set ```/tempchannels permissions set role:@everyone permission:View Channel value:Deny```will players for the game still be given access to the channel? So that no one other than players can see the temp channel I mean
Answer: yes but this is the default behavior anyways


Question: or give a spectator role
Answer: yea how can add it


Question: /spectatorrole add
Answer: thx bro ❤️


Question: so im assuming everyone has the spectator role, so its letting people on any team join any voice channel?
Answer: Yes exactly


Question: is there any possibility to delete this voting menu on the lobby?
Answer: you can disable via `/reshuffle`


Question: you can disable via `/reshuffle`
Answer: nice, it works, thank u


Question: you can change via `/requiredvotes`
Answer: thank u so much man!


Question: Is there any limitation on the bot? maximum number of queues?
Answer: the free tier gets 3 queue channels, 50 matches a day


Question: the free tier gets 3 queue channels, 50 matches a day
Answer: and the premium tier?


Question: <@145305657237700608> i need help me
Answer: Just drop your questions here


Question: And, there is any way to desable partys?
Answer: yes `/partyqueue`


Question: yes `/partyqueue`
Answer: what is the cost of the premium


Question: login to https://www.neatqueue.com and you can view your server's dashboard for prices
Answer: it doesnt appear to me


Question: login to https://www.neatqueue.com and you can view your server's dashboard for prices
Answer: ohh now it works


Question: like, maximum players?
Answer: 500 players


Question: does refreshing fix?
Answer: its a bug


Question: if you dont touch anything it works
Answer: Dont set custom inputs


Question: my team #1 and team #2 channels doesnt auto lock to 5 people, how can i make it to autolock to 5 people once teams are set?
Answer: That’s by default, did u disable /channel restrictions?


Question: That’s by default, did u disable /channel restrictions?
Answer: ye i remember it being there at the beggining but i didnt change anything setting related


Question: is there a command i can use to reverse it or is it discord channel perms clash?
Answer: You can try enabling it again via /channel restrictions


Question: like, if I asing you A role you got 200 mmr, if I assign you 500 mmr you got B role
Answer: Nope


Question: Nope
Answer: so, ive to set up mannualy the mmr to each player?


Question: Hi guys, iam looking for a solution:
-theres one queue running on two channels
- one is for example for diamond role and another for gold role

The question is may I prevent gold from joining to diamond queue and vice versa?
(hiding the channels ot possible)
Answer: You can do custom perms via server integrations


Question: You can do custom perms via server integrations
Answer: could you help me with that somehow?


Question: so will the requirement apply for the que in certain channel (where the command is used) or will apply for everychannel where the queue is running?
Answer: For the certain channel


Question: For the certain channel
Answer: uhm that doesnt seem to work as i set the diamond role as required and the gold still can join.. or am i doint something wrong


Question: ^
Answer: i do not, maybe its an onboarding thing?


Question: like, if I asing you A role you got 200 mmr, if I assign you 500 mmr you got B role
Answer: if you are talking about the starting MMR, then yes you can use `/startingmmr`


Question: uhm that doesnt seem to work as i set the diamond role as required and the gold still can join.. or am i doint something wrong
Answer: currently every queue has `@everyone` as a role requirement, which you would need to remove in order to restrict the queues


Question: 
Answer: plz rename the queue so it doesn't start with a $, it causes an issue apparently


Question: i do not, maybe its an onboarding thing?
Answer: ok it was, fixed now


Question: if you are talking about the starting MMR, then yes you can use `/startingmmr`
Answer: if I set starting mmr for 3 roles, if I give a tole to someone it will receive that mmr amount?


Question: once you join queue for the first time
Answer: there is any way to set everyone mmr to some number?


Question: there is any way to set everyone mmr to some number?
Answer: /starting mmr set


Question: there is any way to set everyone mmr to some number?
Answer: you can hard reset via `/managestats resetstats`


Question: you can hard reset via `/managestats resetstats`
Answer: this also is a hard reset to delete players?


Question: yes
Answer: is not working, how can i delete all players from the bot?


Question: wdym not working, thats the command
Answer: that command reset the stats of a specific queue


Question: the leaderboard
Answer: Just /leadearboard


Question: ^
Answer: ow okey


Question: is there any way to disable parties?
Answer: `/partyqueue toggle`


Question: how the streak multiplier works?
Answer: The more wins in a row you get, you will get an extra multiplier for mmr


Question: The more wins in a row you get, you will get an extra multiplier for mmr
Answer: whats the number of the multiplier exactly?


Question: you must have exceeded the free threshold
Answer: Nah, we have gave the Queue role to just 206 Players and the max is 500 for the free version. Is there anyway we can fix this?


Question: you must have exceeded the free threshold
Answer: I want the largest number of bots. I am in the bot month and there are many people playing on the server because this server is play cpl and I want the largest number of bots.


Question: Nah, we have gave the Queue role to just 206 Players and the max is 500 for the free version. Is there anyway we can fix this?
Answer: It means that 500 people joined the queue


Question: I want the largest number of bots. I am in the bot month and there are many people playing on the server because this server is play cpl and I want the largest number of bots.
Answer: idk what you are asking


Question: I want the largest number of bots. I am in the bot month and there are many people playing on the server because this server is play cpl and I want the largest number of bots.
Answer: you need to go premium


Question: is there any way to forbidden a player to queue again if has a match running?
Answer: That’s by default


Question: and, what happen if a player is in 2 queues at the same time and 1 of them pop up, it will be kicked from the other?
Answer: yes exactly


Question: can you show a ss of your queue?
Answer: yup! so Tatobug tried to leave and she's still showing in there


Question: if it didnt resend lmk
Answer: you mean just type a regular message in the channel yeah? i just tried that and nothing happened, same behavior when i click join and leave


Question: <a:think360:734801663600361532> link?
Answer: now its working


Question: how do reset everyones mmr to 1200 and reset all stats on the leaderboard.. like a new season
Answer: /managestats resetstats all, and then /startingmmr set to 1200


Question: I played all that games and my mmr reset to the starting mmr (700)
Answer: i had the same bug


Question: i had the same bug
Answer: any idea <@145305657237700608> ?


Question: Server already had an AI, the problem is the hallucinations
Answer: Did you fine tune a RAG model


Question: the people who played one specific match reseted all mmr from they
Answer: is it just MMR was reset, or all stats?


Question: is it just MMR was reset, or all stats?
Answer: it happened twice to me, first my personal mmr on that queue


Question: /tempchannels permissions set
Answer: It worked but when someone used /cancel, the captains couldn’t vote yes or no to the cancel voting


Question: /channel restrictions
Answer: so I put it on enabled and it will set up the user limit?


Question: what about mmr bug? <@145305657237700608>
Answer: <#910981294937210930>


Question: hello, is there a way to see how many people participated in the queues so far? (x out of 500)
Answer: ``/serverstats channelnames players`` will show how many players have joined the queue since it was created, setup a channel to show the players, and the name of the channel will change


Question: put it in "disable"
Answer: thank you! i looked in the documentation and saw this command but couldn't quite tell if you could turn it fully off. appreciate it1


Question: thank you! i looked in the documentation and saw this command but couldn't quite tell if you could turn it fully off. appreciate it1
Answer: my bad, put it in "false"


Question: hmm it should fully reset the timer
Answer: ok, is not resetting


Question: Its happened a few times in the last 3 or 4 days
Answer: wait and see if it happens today plz


Question: <@145305657237700608> <@648635725964902411> this happens often when someone has a long name
Answer: what’s the issue?


Question: Its happened a few times in the last 3 or 4 days
Answer: its still happening apparently <@145305657237700608>


Question: could you give me the server ID + a user ID of who it happened to?
Answer: **Server ID** 1090775052779278377
**User ID** 288779012782817281


Question: are they still within the MMR range for the old role?
Answer: No, they dont


Question: you can use the free URL if you click the title in the leaderboard
Answer: where can I find this?


Question: 
Answer: ok thank you for helping


Question: Hi guys, does /playerban resets one's mmr? How to chang it?
Answer: no, /playerban doesn't reset one's mmr, to change one's mmr use /setmmr


Question: You can pick whether you want to join it solo or with your party
Answer: is there a way for that not to come up?


Question: <@145305657237700608> the bot is setted up to make the teams balanced based on mmr
Answer: any idea <@145305657237700608> ?


Question: what’s ur config
Answer: IUJSU


Question: What will happen when 500 members are reached? Will the bot stop working or will it simply block access to new players?
Answer: No more new players


Question: just drop your questions here and we can help, we like to make it like this so everyone can see different solutions :), but if it’s a bigger problem you can reach neatz
Answer: Yeh I’ve dm neatz cheers


Question: Hey, I was wondering if there's a way to make players not vote on a winner team and only admins can do it. I already made a submit channel so admins can do it but so can the players atm in que
Answer: ``/message winnermessage results value:Staff Only``, and set a staff channel with ``/staffchannel set``


Question: ``/message winnermessage results value:Staff Only``, and set a staff channel with ``/staffchannel set``
Answer: Thnx gang


Question: IUJSU
Answer: I tried with another queue and the same <@145305657237700608>, idk if there is any setting incorrect, but some games are balanced and others no, like the examples I sent to you


Question: I tried with another queue and the same <@145305657237700608>, idk if there is any setting incorrect, but some games are balanced and others no, like the examples I sent to you
Answer: are people in parties?


Question: I tried with another queue and the same <@145305657237700608>, idk if there is any setting incorrect, but some games are balanced and others no, like the examples I sent to you
Answer: you have it set to random teams, thats why


Question: you have it set to random teams, thats why
Answer: where i changed it


Question: set the server's timezone
Answer: yes because, i saw that you can set a timezone on scheduled commands


Question: ill probs do it tomorrow, shouldnt be hard
Answer: nice, sound good


Question: Hey! I use NeatQue in my server and I would like to give a certain role admin permissions on the bot, however, I cant figure out how to make a role that actually gains admin commands for NeatQue ONLY.
Answer: /staffrole


Question: how do i find a list of all different queue names i have in my server please?
Answer: if you do something like `/queuename`, it will pop up all the results


Question: Super confused. The bot is saying it needs manage channel perms. Has them via bot role, it’s own role and in the channel itself overriding as it’s own personal perms. Why is it not allowing a setup protocol?
Answer: could there be something else denying it?


Question: could there be something else denying it?
Answer: Tbh I’m about to just give it admin perms


Question: click the queue title and it should bring you to the website page
Answer: Can u the tournament be double  elimination?

Also i play t3 would u mind giving me some insight on ow,

T3 is like the mobile version of it, its 5v5

Vc later? Or i send vod?


Question: guys, how doea the priority for requeue works? I belived it works like:

1. Queue starts
2. another queue is starting imadiately
3. Priority roles have given time (f.e. 15 sec) to join as first
4. after 15 sec non priority roles can join
Am i right?
Answer: did you add a requeue delay?


Question: Can u the tournament be double  elimination?

Also i play t3 would u mind giving me some insight on ow,

T3 is like the mobile version of it, its 5v5

Vc later? Or i send vod?
Answer: no the tournament system is pretty basic, only single elim


Question: Another question, the que doesn't start instantly when there's 8 players. [I put the matchmaking que to 8] and it takes like three minutes to start the other que channels
Answer: What’s the queue type?


Question: <@648635725964902411>I don't know what to do here or how to configure the bot to do everything automatically?
Answer: Disable parties for that queue if that’s what you want, /partyqueue toggle


Question: So I'd like the queue to clean up after itself and delete old messages. Basically only ever showing the queue and the current game in progress. Couldn't find any options or through searching here, so does anyone have ideas?
Answer: That’s by default unless you disabled temp channels


Question: <@648635725964902411>Could you help me eliminate the other 2? it's that I misbelieve them
Answer: /managestats resetstats all and put the name of the queue that you want to delete


Question: wdym not working
Answer: like


Question: so it’s kinda random
Answer: Do you know if you can make it leave only 1?


Question: yea i’ll fix it
Answer: nice ty


Question: yea i’ll fix it
Answer: i was testing it and it assign the role that is above the other


Question: yup makes sense, i have a fix
Answer: nice, when you push to production the fix i can test it


Question: yea ill update tomorrow morning when im able to watch things better
Answer: btw, probably when you fix that, we should test what happened if you promote or demote to another tier, like, the bot will give both roles? or how is it going to decide what role will give


Question: 
Answer: see here, what happend if you up from tier 2 to 1


Question: yup same, bunch of refactoring on my end + some minor features
Answer: any new about the bot dm advertising the queue pop up feature?


Question: thatll be good to add though
Answer: Yes, since many people do not read the mentions. Likewise, there are users who have server DMs disabled, but they are the minority


Question: smth like this
Answer: thats perfect


Question: How do i add something like that under the map
Answer: Looks like a voting menu


Question: Looks like a voting menu
Answer: don't think so it's random but will try


Question: don't think so it's random but will try
Answer: A voting menu can be random


Question: How do i make it only 1 option
Answer: Make sure to put vote: All teams


Question: Make sure to put vote: All teams
Answer: It worked ty


Question: how the requeue priority per role works?
Answer: if you add a requeue delay, people with priority will be able to skip the  delay


Question: thanks would be helpful, if you cannot find it should I use the /api/playerstats?
Answer: <#857677776471588894>


Question: Hello, I have a PUG matchmaker server for a 6v6 soccer game, i want to add a new feature where teams who have signed up with my server are able to queue with their scrim teams and matchmake with other teams who have queued.
Answer: I guess you mean that if someone joins in your server they can access to the queue?


Question: I guess you mean that if someone joins in your server they can access to the queue?
Answer: No, i want scrim teams to join a queue on their own channel (in my server), when they have 6 players in the queue, it will matchmake with another team which has also joined


Question: No, i want scrim teams to join a queue on their own channel (in my server), when they have 6 players in the queue, it will matchmake with another team which has also joined
Answer: do the 6v6 queue but with the queue type of full team vs full team


Question: if you mean the second API there, then yes it will be all queues
Answer: yeah


Question: I set the leaderboard to be monthly reset but November disappeared randomly. How can i fix it?
Answer: this is because the old stats weren't "November", they were all time stats


Question: Yes, since many people do not read the mentions. Likewise, there are users who have server DMs disabled, but they are the minority
Answer: thoughts on if it should send it to all the players, or just the ones missing from the channel?


Question: if you mean the second API there, then yes it will be all queues
Answer: I'm guessing obviously that all player stats one should be the same?


Question: thoughts on if it should send it to all the players, or just the ones missing from the channel?
Answer: to all of them when te queue fill


Question: in addition, the ping button only pings players not in the voice
Answer: nice


Question: wdym
Answer: The first option in the image you sent


Question: if your queue name is Test it would look like
Answer: Did that but still November didn’t show up


Question: but that doesnt work for top players, it needs to check everyone again
Answer: the same situation for promotes


Question: the top 1 from tier 5 didnt join a match so he lose 10 mmr, he also lost the top 1 and now other player is in this place, the bot remove the role but didnt give it to the new top 1
Answer: now im doing /autoroles refresh and the bot is not assinging the role to anyone


Question: whats your server ID?
Answer: 1151277895881334784


Question: could be rate limited on changing the roles
Answer: no, was my error, ive to refresh in the t5 queue


Question: ahh that makes sense, it only updates the roles for people in that match for when its cancelled
Answer: but, any solution about this?


Question: 1151277895881334784
Answer: whats the queue name?


Question: looks like it copied fine
Answer: it did execute it but the stats did not show in solo lobby ranking (used /leaderboard)


Question: hit refresh
Answer: same


Question: same if you use /leaderboard again?
Answer: Yes November is missing


Question: whats that channel ID?
Answer: 1158100230437339257


Question: 1158100230437339257
Answer: i mean the queue channel


Question: i mean the queue channel
Answer: 1151391320959614976


Question: not sure how to lay it out
Answer: something like that?


Question: can someone help me setup the bot in my server for the que? im having a hard time getting it work the way it did in my server
Answer: take a look into the documentation


Question: take a look into the documentation
Answer: yeah on site i did im still having a hard time


Question: yes
Answer: try with /voicechannels moveteam


Question: although there isnt really a "wrong vote" for MVP since its an opinion
Answer: Could you possibly make it an option or like logs for ppl who vote for stuff or smth?


Question: Could you possibly make it an option or like logs for ppl who vote for stuff or smth?
Answer: it would be cool to get in depth logs into everything


Question: should be fixed
Answer: because one players in in queue since 2 hours and the bot didnt quit him


Question: https://www.neatqueue.com/lb/Tier2
Answer: <@145305657237700608> I saw only this is not working


Question: i run a pugs server and also play in the pugs but my mmr doesnt show up next to my name for the ratingnames
Answer: are you the server owner


Question: how can I see how much lobbys left to reach the daily limit?
Answer: `/serverstats info`


Question: In the API all post endpoints fails with internal server error 😔
Answer: 😦 ill check it tomorrow


Question: how do i change it so you can be in queue for a certain amount of time before it kicks u from the queue
Answer: /timer afk


Question: `/serverstats info`
Answer: but it doesnt show the daily games


Question: daily games 47 isnt true
Answer: if it is, its not adjusted with the new timezone I setup <@145305657237700608>


Question: when the bot restarts that
Answer: It restarts when the daily stats are posted on <#935731235790139422>


Question: if it is, its not adjusted with the new timezone I setup <@145305657237700608>
Answer: that won’t change with the time zone


Question: whats the URL
Answer: https://www.neatqueue.com/lb/evento6humanos


Question: and wdym the commands didnt work
Answer: literally the queue didnt unlock


Question: did you try again?
Answer: i will try at 5:50


Question: i will try at 5:50
Answer: mines 5:50, in 15 min


Question: no gaps
Answer: its going to work good with that?


Question: did you change the queue name?
Answer: No. I created a new channel with a new queue with a different name, added leaderboard channel and a results channel. After that everything changed


Question: if you created a new queue with a new name, you wont have any stats
Answer: With the old queue still active?


Question: 
Answer: same, and the #6351 is also ended


Question: hello so i wanted to start using this bot for a league, but i wanna make it so that theres 2 teams per game, but it shows like 4 games (8 teams total), i dont want to have to make a queue for each, could i make 1 queue
Answer: its a bug, the dev will fix it soon


Question: its a bug, the dev will fix it soon
Answer: no im not having trouble with that


Question: like u wanna start 2 matches at the same time?
Answer: yeah


Question: when its set to 2 lobbies, it will wait for 4 full teams
Answer: now is there a way then to do it so each team has to go a specific lobby?


Question: now is there a way then to do it so each team has to go a specific lobby?
Answer: it will automatically setup the 2 matches


Question: also is there a way yet to make it so theres an mmr for players and teams?
Answer: no its only per player


Question: it will automatically setup the 2 matches
Answer: what if i wanted to make each lobby specific teams? so team 1 will be playing against team 3, etc.


Question: when people join the queue, there are no "teams"
Answer: im not gonna worry about it, but how do i remove team names i made under my name


Question: `/party disband`
Answer: aah so i was talking about parties, basically i want to formulate it so that a certain party goes against another specific party


Question: and i want to make it so 8 parties are all in 1 queue, but theres 4 organized matches that for each match, 2 parties go against each other
Answer: Dont think thats really possible, make different matches from 1 queue at once, you will have to set a queue that is just only party vs party


Question: <@145305657237700608> can multiple discord admins use the NeatQueue Bot if so, how? One of my fellow Admins cannot use Admin only commands even tho he has Admin permissions on the server
Answer: /staffrole add i believe allows a certain role to have access to all commands


Question: /staffrole add i believe allows a certain role to have access to all commands
Answer: yes thanks


Question: 
Answer: You just can add one number


Question: how can i get my neatqueue api key?
Answer: https://docs.neatqueue.com/#/?id=api


Question: how do i only give /party creation features to some individuals
Answer: you can customize the permissions in the Server Integration settings


Question: The API post endpoints still broken 💔
Answer: weird i didn’t see any errors, i’ll check it out again


Question: weird i didn’t see any errors, i’ll check it out again
Answer: Is the api working?


Question: The bot creates both a text channel and two voice channels for my queues, how do I make it so people with a certain role can see the text channels that are created without having to be in the queue?
Answer: for the text channels you should use this


Question: getting error 401
Answer: 401 is unauthorized, which is an expected error


Question: `/matchstart dmplayers toggle:Disabled `
Answer: thanks, i have no idea why that's just started, it's never happened before in 45 queues


Question: I understand that changing a player after a match affects the mmr distribution calculation and that can be a problem
Answer: At the moment u can just add and remove mmr manually to get what you trying


Question: ill check out what it would look like it allow subbing after a match
Answer: sound good


Question: At the moment u can just add and remove mmr manually to get what you trying
Answer: Yes, that's what I did, it's just a little uncomfortable


Question: did you change the queue name
Answer: i did accidentally restart the queue, it has the same name though


Question: weird i didn’t see any errors, i’ll check it out again
Answer: In /api/outcome/winner give an error 400 like this:
```json
{
  "detail": "Could not fetch server"
}
```


Question: When I go into a queue with people, the option for captains isnt there anymore how do i fix this?
Answer: /teamselection


Question: In /api/outcome/winner give an error 400 like this:
```json
{
  "detail": "Could not fetch server"
}
```
Answer: fix will be out tomorrow morning


Question: what did you change?
Answer: Didn’t change anything related to that queue name. I only added a new queue with a different queue name, after that MMR’s/wins/losses changed and November leaderboard disappeared


Question: topplayers autoroles are not refreshing good
Answer: wdym, whats it doing


Question: wdym, whats it doing
Answer: it is not updating


Question: Didn’t change anything related to that queue name. I only added a new queue with a different queue name, after that MMR’s/wins/losses changed and November leaderboard disappeared
Answer: whats  the server + queue name?


Question: thats what it currently does
Answer: Could it be when someone plays at a lower tier and comes first on their table?


Question: whats  the server + queue name?
Answer: 1151277895881334784

Solo-lobby


Question: when a match ends, it will recalculate all the top roles for that queue
Answer: yes, thats because is not working when i play on a lower tier queue


Question: 1151277895881334784

Solo-lobby
Answer: sorry whats the queue channel ID  as well


Question: it wouldnt really make sense to update other stuff outside the queue
Answer: in our case yes because we have 2 queues per tier, there is any way to refresh all autoroles from all queues?


Question: sorry whats the queue channel ID  as well
Answer: 1151391320959614976


Question: ah ok, thanks. Anythin g I can do about the lengthy wait time?
Answer: What time?


Question: looks like the most recent match was fine?
Answer: Matches working fine.. what we are facing is November leaderboard disappeared and stats for players randomly reset/changed


Question: how to disable MMR ?
Answer: Theres not an actual command for that


Question: I want to know auto move channel voice
Answer: You want to know? <:hmm:1172617247320195123>


Question: Or you wanna enable them
Answer: enable


Question: enable
Answer: Wich one you want


Question: another question im the owner of my server but my name also doesnt pop up on the leaderboard is that also not changeable?
Answer: Have u played any games?


Question: <@145305657237700608> any new about the top players autoroles refresh?
Answer: is it working well?


Question: Hi! Could someone help me to figure out how to make it where only staff are able to revert/cancel matches?
Answer: thats the default behavior, its locked away behind the staff role


Question: as staff, is there a way or command to pick on behalf a captain? <@145305657237700608>
Answer: no there is not way for that


Question: no there is not way for that
Answer: What about a command that picks players that only captains can use


Question: Hi, after the queue starts and all options are selected, how do i display a message at the final message (i.e. telling the players the IP to connect to)
Answer: The ip is a variable i guess, so you cant really send a message through the bot


Question: The ip is a variable i guess, so you cant really send a message through the bot
Answer: someone previously in a server that i helped run was using the neatqueue bot and had the layout like the screenshot below, but at the bottom of it, he put text that specified how to join the server


Question: someone previously in a server that i helped run was using the neatqueue bot and had the layout like the screenshot below, but at the bottom of it, he put text that specified how to join the server
Answer: That's a custom lang override then, its a premium feature to change neatqueue's text


Question: no, i want to add to match details
Answer: you can use `/lobbydetails`


Question: someone previously in a server that i helped run was using the neatqueue bot and had the layout like the screenshot below, but at the bottom of it, he put text that specified how to join the server
Answer: this is from `/map` though


Question: thank you
Answer: old b3d player, right?


Question: yeah
Answer: still remember that truck threat to the community lol


Question: how do I set an MMR floor?
Answer: /mmr minimum


Question: idea: create a preset for a staff role called moderator, who can only execute /ban /outcome /player sub and other basic commands
Answer: <@145305657237700608> about of these, there is any way to disable all admin commands for a staff role and assign only 3/4 commands?


Question: `/staffrole add`
Answer: if I select /player, it will allow all /player commands?


Question: yes
Answer: btw, it would be great if the autoping allows to tag 2 or more roles instead of only 1


Question: no you should update it so its 1-500, 500-1000, 1000-1500, etc
Answer: wait the way he set it up is wrong?


Question: and, how this works? like, if you are not a staff role and you click revert/cancel it will cancel the game?
Answer: if a mod has acces to this channel but default user perms, can cancel the match or revert the score? <@145305657237700608>


Question: if a mod has acces to this channel but default user perms, can cancel the match or revert the score? <@145305657237700608>
Answer: hmm i forgot about that


Question: `/outcome`
Answer: just a suggestion, I think changing the name of this command to /cancel game it would be more intuitive


Question: just a suggestion, I think changing the name of this command to /cancel game it would be more intuitive
Answer: `/cancel game` and `/cancel` are not possible to both exist, also that would be a bit confusing


Question: from when
Answer: mmm, weeks ago


Question: i believe it should all be live
Answer: ok ill try it


Question: but not subbing
Answer: i mean subbing, sry


Question: Hey <@145305657237700608> <@648635725964902411> How to sub players from team 1 to team 2 and vise versa? 

Tried using /player sub with game num but it gives me that no matches were found
Answer: Are u trying to do it when the match has ended?


Question: Are u trying to do it when the match has ended?
Answer: Match already ended yes


Question: And i dont think you can sub from team 1 to team 2
Answer: I think this feature is necessary because people sometimes mistakenly choose or agree to switch teams after conclusion of the team picking


Question: If youre trying to sub to give some mmr, then you have to do it manually by /mmr add, but theres no any way to sub a player from 1 team to another and sub isnt available when the match already ended
Answer: Tried doing that manually, but encountered that decrements using /add win -1 will just give you a loss rather than removing a win


Question: Tried doing that manually, but encountered that decrements using /add win -1 will just give you a loss rather than removing a win
Answer: <:hmm:1172617247320195123>  It works for me


Question: Didnt it already have a tie?
Answer: No no


Question: 
Answer: what is the expiration time of a token?


Question: what is the expiration time of a token?
Answer: Doesnt have i think so


Question: Never seen this before, what is it?
Answer: It says the error


Question: what is the expiration time of a token?
Answer: heat death of the universe <:thumb:711064979012321290>


Question: Btw. can i change the winner of the last queue even though they voted already for the wrong team?
Answer: `/outcome`


Question: Since when is neatqueue adding new roles to certain players who join the queue? it never happened before
Answer: Since never


Question: Since never
Answer: I did not add any i just loaded in old queue settings and now its adding "new role" to players who join the queue. Do you know how to turn that off?


Question: try /autoroles reset
Answer: Not working, still giving the roles


Question: did it create the role or what
Answer: It gives the role called "new role" to everyone who joins the queue, and removes it once u left the queue


Question: that would be `/autoroles inqueue`
Answer: That worked ty.
I loaded the queue we lastly used and we never had that adding roles issue before, since i loaded it, it was adding the roles. Could be i did something wrong, but was more like a "bug" if you could call it like that.
Ty anyways


Question: it’s number of seconds to ban for
Answer: amd what about the internal server error?


Question: i’ll check it out when i’m back later today
Answer: ok ty


Question: i’ll check it out when i’m back later today
Answer: the api still getting internal server error


Question: 
Answer: when I try to use this, the command doesn't work. Has it been changed to something else?


Question: it has character/hero bans, but there isn't a way to add character selection per player
Answer: i see, is there plans for a char select option?


Question: Just remove the one you got, and set a new one, /staffchannel you can see the two commands
Answer: Thank you so much, it's working know!


Question: i see, is there plans for a char select option?
Answer: not currently


Question: only since i believe it would be for a specific team right, so the team can just figure it out in their channel?
Answer: its more to register data about pickrate and character win rate


Question: how do i reset the leaderboard and everyones mmr
Answer: `/managestats resetstats`


Question: is there a way to change where the temp voice channels are created? I want them to be made in a different category than the main vc category
Answer: /channel category


Question: How do you change someone's MMR that isn't in the server anymore? Discord ID doesnt work
Answer: You really cant ig


Question: Is there any way to implement having a queue with 12 ppl but only 8 get picked. I'd do anything to have that option
Answer: Nope


Question: auto move ?
Answer: voice team to team channels its by default


Question: voice team to team channels its by default
Answer: When the  starts, I want the bot to transmit all the teams in the voice


Question: When the  starts, I want the bot to transmit all the teams in the voice
Answer: thats by default


Question: Is there no cmd to move everyone?
Answer: wdym?


Question: "/misc startwhen Forcestarted: When matches can only be forcestarted, the number of players can exceed the maximum queue size. Players who join the queue with priority will take precedence in the queue over lower priority players." <@648635725964902411> is this a way to give a certain role a priority to in the matches over another?
Answer: yea /requeue priorityrole


Question: Is there any way to add a sort of ranked system for the mmr
Answer: that’s kind of how it works by default


Question: yea /requeue priorityrole
Answer: So if I just split it into Pro / AM how do I add those roles and then give the Pros priority


Question: that’s kind of how it works by default
Answer: Ah sorry for not making it more explicit or elaborating, I meant as in when a person hits a certain elo rating, that category has a name


Question: how do i get premium?
Answer: neatqueue.com, log in and go to dashboard


Question: How does one auto send people to voice channels when queue is finished I just had to cancel a game because people didn’t join vc
Answer: If you mean a voice channel that isnt deleted, set a /lobby


Question: Thats by default
Answer: naw u can vote for ur team and then join the q idk why


Question: Can the NeatQueue bot allow players to choose multiple roles (preferred and second preferred) when it comes to a 5vs5 League of Legends custom game? For instance, a player might prefer the support role but also be willing to play as a jungler. The issue I’m referring to arises when many people queue up as support and the queue doesn’t start because not all roles are filled.
Answer: Dont think neatqueue has that option


Question: by default, the only requirement is voting
Answer: So assignment of captains can't be forced to vote each time?


Question: Do you plan adding it?
Answer: NeatZ has the decision, it needs to go trough a general votation by eveeyone


Question: So assignment of captains can't be forced to vote each time?
Answer: I already told you the command was /teamselection, and only select captains


Question: I already told you the command was /teamselection, and only select captains
Answer: This does not resolve my issue.


Question: Can the NeatQueue bot allow players to choose multiple roles (preferred and second preferred) when it comes to a 5vs5 League of Legends custom game? For instance, a player might prefer the support role but also be willing to play as a jungler. The issue I’m referring to arises when many people queue up as support and the queue doesn’t start because not all roles are filled.
Answer: <@145305657237700608> bump


Question: We have a basic guide
Answer: The functionality of the bot is AWESOME but I'm having issues configuring the content that's displayed to the user in the queue. Like the hot isn't instructing the players in q to press anything. Advice with this config would be ideap


Question: can I see what roles are taken when I already queued up?
Answer: yea it will show how many are queued in each role


Question: The functionality of the bot is AWESOME but I'm having issues configuring the content that's displayed to the user in the queue. Like the hot isn't instructing the players in q to press anything. Advice with this config would be ideap
Answer: wdym instructing them to press anything?


Question: yea it will show how many are queued in each role
Answer: ye I know whenever the problem occurred someone had to leave the queue and join again


Question: ye I know whenever the problem occurred someone had to leave the queue and join again
Answer: maybe a “switch role” button would work fine


Question: wdym instructing them to press anything?
Answer: Like once the queue is full, in my case 2 players in total for 1v1, I'm tryna to figure out how to configure what the hot outputs to those specific users


Question: Its basically, queue fill 》game starts 》and then the option to vote winner
Answer: Yeah ok so I'm getting to the point if the game starting, but nothing outputing those in q


Question: change the /numberofteams
Answer: now i have 2 teams... and its 2v2... how would i make it so its 1v1 XD


Question: /teamsize
Answer: and how do I cancel test queues?


Question: If you wanna cancel the test mode do /test again
Answer: hey so my queue type is matchmaking but im getting this... how do i make it so the queue just serves for 1v1 and to keep score


Question: <@648635725964902411>
Answer: Do /test


Question: 
Answer: You made the queue global?


Question: how do u make it where after a queue ends people are moved to a specific vc?
Answer: /lobbychannel set


Question: also my Neatqueue is changing peoples nicknames now, how do i disable this? i did give the neatqueue bot admin privileges
Answer: adding their MMRs?


Question: adding their MMRs?
Answer: yeah


Question: how do u change the mmr of a specific person
Answer: `/set mmr` or `/add mmr`, depends on what you want to


Question: also how to disable neatqueue from sending DMs to people once a queue is created
Answer: `/matchstart dmplayers`


Question: how do you reset a leaderboard?
Answer: A leadearboard its the stats display, so you will need to reset stats


Question: I want these points in a specific channel
Answer: _/resultschannel_


Question: Sorry what was the command to delete a que 😭
Answer: _/endqueue_ i think 🤔


Question: 
Answer: `/voicechannels mode ` optional


Question: I want to delete all points from all players
Answer: / management resetstats all


Question: for some reason when you join the queue it doesnt display names anyone know how to fix this?
Answer: Thats a matchmaking queue


Question: How do you get premium
Answer: neatqueue.com, log in and go to dashboard


Question: 
Answer: scroll down here, there is a "Confirm" button i believe


Question: Far as I get if I hold my finger to. Scroll
Answer: Check DMs


Question: were u logged in
Answer: Yeah


Question: 1v1 and 2v2 queue isnt really difficult to set up, what are u struggling with?
Answer: Not that I’m having trouble setting it up, what I need is more of a suggestion of what is an ideal range for whr, and how I should go about setting up appropriated points earned/points deducted


Question: do i have the ability to wipe it myself or change it myself?
Answer: you can use `/set ign`


Question: you can use `/set ign`
Answer: What do I type after that


Question: I have this because I don't know what it's expecting me to type
Answer: Youre not specifying the user


Question: Youre not specifying the user
Answer: Do I need to @ them?


Question: /managestats resetstats all and the queue name
Answer: that worked thanks!


Question: the server owner?
Answer: yeah


Question: yeah
Answer: neatqueue cant change discord owners nickname i think so


Question: If two queues have the same name they have the same leaderboard system right?
Answer: correct


Question: correct
Answer: If a new queue is made after the other one, and is named the same, after a game is played that’s when the leaderboard updates?


Question: For leaderboard, is there a way to have it so 2 leaderboards are shown in one channel? Both leaderboards are a different queue tho
Answer: have you tried / link ?


Question: have you tried / link ?
Answer: Yes but it only works for one leaderboard it seems


Question: For leaderboard, is there a way to have it so 2 leaderboards are shown in one channel? Both leaderboards are a different queue tho
Answer: no its not possible


Question: i have made a rank system set up with autorole like this "Bronze - 0-200mmr , Silver - 200-300mmr, Gold - 300-400mmr, Platinum - 400-550mmr, Diamond - 550mmr and up" 
is it possible to make it so that there is a monthly reset that only resets you to the start of the rank role you are in?  Example: if someone gets 1000mmr they get reset back to 550 rather than the set starting 100mmr after the month is over?
Answer: if you enable leaderboard monthly resets, and you set the starting MMR for each role, i think that should work


Question: if you enable leaderboard monthly resets, and you set the starting MMR for each role, i think that should work
Answer: thank you ill give it a try!


Question: what command do this look for `stats`?
Answer: Its on the image


Question: Its on the image
Answer: i know, but i have this image or all time working only after 2 games?


Question: i know, but i have this image or all time working only after 2 games?
Answer: I have no idea why it shows without the graph tbh


Question: i know, but i have this image or all time working only after 2 games?
Answer: I dont understand, are u saying it doesnt show the graph or what are u trying to say


Question: I dont understand, are u saying it doesnt show the graph or what are u trying to say
Answer: yes, command stats doesnt show the graph


Question: i know, but i have this image or all time working only after 2 games?
Answer: you need to have at least 2 matches in 2 diff days to show the graph


Question: you need to have at least 2 matches in 2 diff days to show the graph
Answer: oh, thx


Question: If teams are randomed, when it asks if teams are valid/fair is there a way to increase the number of votes for it to be considered fair/unfair. For example 2 teams of 3, minimum votes for it to be fair is 4 (3 from 1 team, and 1 from the other team)
Answer: /requiredvotes default


Question: I doubt there is a way to do this but it would be a cool feature
Answer: you can enable /hidestats


Question: <@648635725964902411> you’re the best . Does this work separately across each area of the Discord? 

For example. I make the original queue in the “Sweaty 8s” channel. 
Then I —
/save “X” 
And then I —
 /load “X” in a completely different channel say “advanced-8s” 

Will Queue X only use info from the channel it’s used in regardless of how many channels it’s been copy and pasted into or will it grab from all channels, compile and affect MMR and stats across the channels?

 And if not could I save/edit it as a different queue version/name if I wanted without affecting the originals?
Answer: If the queues have the same name, they will share stats no matter if they are in separate channels


Question: A game I mean
Answer: /cancel or /outcome cancel


Question: Also is there to consistently notify and update the channels how many people are in queue?
Answer: you can make a channel that its name will be updated in how many players are in queue by /serverstars inqueue


Question: /cancel or /outcome cancel
Answer: So I accidentally cancelled the queue


Question: I lost the neatqueue key, which is probably my fault
Answer: what key?


Question: what key?
Answer: Like I cancelled the entire queue


Question: Like I cancelled the entire queue
Answer: do `/config list`


Question: do `/config list`
Answer: How do I start that queue once I got the config?


Question: they are only the same on spots 2, 5, 7 as slayer
Answer: ok ok i finally see what you mean


Question: how is it possible to setup the leaderboard in a seperate channel? If i try to load leaderboards in a different channel this shows up:
Answer: /link


Question: will i get the manage permissions error if the channels are private?  i keep getting the error even after giving the bot all perms
Answer: Check channel perms


Question: 
Answer: Its better to add rhe role you gave neatq


Question: Its better to add rhe role you gave neatq
Answer: neatq and bot have the same perms and the bot has both of those roles


Question: regarding my question on ordering the maps/gamemodes is there not a way to make it ordered on  some and not other gamemodes/types

also /stats isnt working for anyone except myself on my server only as of today
Answer: no the ordered gamemode selection would apply to all maps


Question: I dont really know whats causing it then, its gotta be some category, channel perms override, bc it works for me if its private and i just add the role
Answer: any commands that create anything or move people could cause that error?


Question: any commands that create anything or move people could cause that error?
Answer: it says manage perms


Question: 
Answer: same


Question: Yep
Answer: thank you!


Question: if its random then it will ask to reshuffle if u have it enabled
Answer: Map selection is random but i didn’t get the command application


Question: Map selection is random but i didn’t get the command application
Answer: Wdym?


Question: did you turn on map reshuffle?
Answer: not yet


Question: Its basically selects a random map and asks if you want to reshuffle to get another random map or still with that map, so it basically does that
Answer: That’s amazing! So it gives a vote menu such as captain voting ?


Question: 
Answer: Wdym?


Question: People voted no although it chose them
Answer: Thats how it works


Question: probs confusing
Answer: Yea tbh


Question: yea i used end queue, ahh fair mate, we just decided to mes about and play so not tested it again yet
Answer: you can always use /config list


Question: I think it is his discord settings but I was trying to see if you guys have seen that before
Answer: Just in case this ever happens again, it was his settings with Text & Image. Once we changed it, it worked


Question: Last question I swear haha, when the captains were randomly selected it used to say "Are these captains okay" with yes or no, but now it says "Reshuffle captains" with yes or no. Is that something I can change?
Answer: Not really


Question: how do i delete a queue from the leaderboards?
Answer: Leadearboard comes with the queue


Question: our leaderboard is pulling pranks on us
Answer: I dont see nothing wrong


Question: how can i buy neatqueue 250 queues for my server
Answer: neatqueue.com, log in and go to dashboard


Question: <@145305657237700608> <@648635725964902411> 

Wouldn’t move to picking stage
Answer: what server is it again


Question: what server is it again
Answer: Working again ty


Question: 
Answer: Any changes you have made or it started randomly


Question: it just stays ib this screen
Answer: even if you join the vc ?


Question: I dont see nothing wrong
Answer: Did you see that image?


Question: even if you join the vc ?
Answer: yes...
it is now fixed but,

/captain selection is giving no options to choose from now.


Question: it says i am 2-1 in stats but on our leaderboard im 5-1
Answer: Are you sure thats the leadearboard of that queue?


Question: wdym
Answer: When using the /Captain selection command to “choose how captains will be picked” it does not show any options


Question: When using the /Captain selection command to “choose how captains will be picked” it does not show any options
Answer: You need to execute the command


Question: What if you do /stats?
Answer: Gosh haha!


Question: It gives it to everyone BUT me lol
Answer: Bot cant edit server's owner nickname if you mean that


Question: Are you sure thats the leadearboard of that queue?
Answer: we only have one leaderboard


Question: Now if at all possible can the picture be made bigger on the right and also is there an option to say how many games out of the 5 games playable were won by each team?
Answer: thanks! that picture is currently always the thumbnail, so it will always be that size


Question: maybe should be the larger option
Answer: I may be misunderstanding, wdym>


Question: I may be misunderstanding, wdym>
Answer: like i could change it to be a larger image


Question: Also is there a way to queue in more than 8 players and choose from the, say, 10 that are in the queue? Then the 2 not chosen would be sent back to the original location?
Answer: no that’s not a thing


Question: Hey im having an issue where players on the queue aren't able to match, presumably due to too high of and elo discrepancy between players, is there any way to change this or is it a different problem?
Answer: You can change the mmr range, i guess you have matchmaking queue, if you want to start a match no matter the mmr change the queue type to PUGs, `/queuetype`


Question: <@648635725964902411> do you know of any reason the bot would be down? Nobody can queue in my server
Answer: No idea


Question: Hi <@857633321064595466> <@648635725964902411> does /leaderboardsharedstats command save multiple queue names or only one ?
Answer: If they have the same name you can save multiple ones i think so


Question: im a part of a server where they use NeatQueue, but the join queue feature isnt working properly, is that an issue within Neatqueue or the discord server Im a part of?
Answer: im assuming youre talking abt zoomafia, idk what the problem is either


Question: im assuming youre talking abt zoomafia, idk what the problem is either
Answer: i am yes, was just trying to see if i could find anything to help


Question: You can change the mmr range, i guess you have matchmaking queue, if you want to start a match no matter the mmr change the queue type to PUGs, `/queuetype`
Answer: thank you


Question: Any idea why this didn't work??
“Was wondering about scheduling messages. I set up 4 different ones (leaderboards) to send specifically to their queue at 08:00 CSt and they didn't send this morning”
Answer: hmm i saw it failed, didnt get to try out scheduling every command and guess that one didnt work


Question: Used to just be “Clutch”
Answer: did you recently select ur username?


Question: ok, i have a “fix” but it will still need to wait for that cooldown to expire
Answer: instead of deleting + creating new channels, it just moves them to a hidden category to reuse, which isnt perfect since it will clutter the sidebar for staff i think, but not sure what else to do


Question: Hold the category
Answer: Where's categories though?… 🙃


Question: Where's categories though?… 🙃
Answer: The categories are the separations


Question: Honestly that’s fine with me <@145305657237700608> . Everything is going to have trade offs, and I keep the discord pretty organized already. I’ll test it in MENA, and if it works I’ll open up NA/EU/Japan this week
Answer: alright its enabled, lets see what happens


Question: i just noticed my queues arent making limited vcs, theyre just making open vcs that people can join
Answer: did you change any permissions or settings recently


Question: Every few days yes. 2 MMR A week for a week of not playing and maybe 1 MMR in general per month if even an idea <@145305657237700608> .To incentivize more play in the server
Answer: yea mmr decay is good for this


Question: did you change any permissions or settings recently
Answer: I added it so the config list


Question: yea mmr decay is good for this
Answer: This is only for people who DONT play right?


Question: <@145305657237700608> is there anyway for entire queue decay per month?
Answer: you can customize the duration


Question: you can customize the duration
Answer: So i can have multiple “Hits” to MMR? To both players in and out of play? And I 100% understand. Thank you 👍🏼


Question: I didn’t change the spectator role at all
Answer: check out what permissions is missing or now added


Question: So i can have multiple “Hits” to MMR? To both players in and out of play? And I 100% understand. Thank you 👍🏼
Answer: no currently it’s only 1 setting which only effects inactive players


Question: So for Admin only commands how can I make it where it's also Mods?
Answer: https://discord.com/channels/505102060119916545/910981294937210930/1173718307438870661


Question: check out what permissions is missing or now added
Answer: how do i check?


Question: <@145305657237700608> <@648635725964902411> queue keeps disappearing, how can it be solved
Answer: If you type when the queue isnt visible does it appear


Question: guys how can i change the mmr of a player?
Answer: you can modify mmr with /set mmr or /add mmr


Question: <@145305657237700608> Why would when 2 random captains are selected and we vote to confirm captains its reversed, like when we all vote `no` it treats it as if we all voted `yes`
Answer: The question has been changed


Question: <@145305657237700608> that fix worked today in the MENA queue, was there anything on the backend that I should be worried about?
Answer: the channels being reused?


Question: Or by /tempchannels perms
Answer: this is for the text channel 🙂


Question: Is there a way to change the name when a game is created? So the text channel will create #queue-x and I would like to create #xyz-abc
Answer: /tempchannels name


Question: how can I make it so it displays 'Team 1' Vs Team 2?
Answer: in where


Question: 
Answer: whats the difference?


Question: So when it creates the temporary chat channel, where the voting and reporting happens etc. In a perfect world I want it to say 'Team 1s Name' Vs 'Team 2s Name, so in the photo Easy Mac put in, Instead of sayikng Queue#89 it would say 'ItsKidzz Vs Rezzy'
Answer: thats not really possible


Question: thats not really possible
Answer: No problem, I appreciate the help regardless. Thankyou


Question: you can do like a rollback if you disable the monthly leadearboard c:
Answer: how do I do that?


Question: how do I do that?
Answer: just disable it `/leaderboardconfig monthly toggle:Disable`


Question: and then I can rollback?
Answer: when u disable it should get the mmr before enabling it


Question: thank you man
Answer: yea don soap was right, but when you enable monthly stats it treats it as a new month


Question: if people vote for the wrong team and the mmr is already rewarded is there a way to reverse that?
Answer: yea /outcome


Question: I’m stuck in a queue I can’t vote for and now I can’t play
Answer: wdym stuck


Question: do you know if there were any parties in these games?
Answer: Not sure what you mean, tbh, I would say no


Question: what’s your server id?
Answer: 1069723212025450548


Question: is there a way to order the roles so it balances to the section "what the bot should have done". 

obsidians are miles better then emeralds

Queue 77 just filled and the teams are unbalanced in terms of skill level

Team 1: Kyanite, Amethyst, emerald, emerald
team 2: Obsidian, Amethyst, Ruby, Obsidian

What should have happened was each team should have had an obsidian and emerald, and filled the rest
Answer: something you can do right now is add dummy roles for padding the actual roles


Question: no that would be for me to do
Answer: I am an admin in an 8s server that has a similar setup with the ranks asked above that was interested in using this bot. Do you have a time frame when this could be implemented, I am sure you a million projects going on, but figured I would ask, in case the owners of the server ask for this info.


Question: yea no timeline, got other priorities + balancing by roles isnt a very common thing
Answer: totally understand, no worries


Question: there were about 5 of these roles that the bot created but i had tried the autoles reset command and redid the autorole and it still does this
Answer: wich commands did u use?


Question: wich commands did u use?
Answer: i used / autoroles games set


Question: check your /info
Answer: this is what it shows for that role https://i.imgur.com/E5QAfyb.png


Question: this is what it shows for that role https://i.imgur.com/E5QAfyb.png
Answer: do /autoroles inqueue


Question: Hi NeatZ and Don, I i have an 8s server and we voted but its still not popping up the leaderboard in my server, keeps saying i need to vote.
Answer: check again now?


Question: check again now?
Answer: Works now thanks!


Question: How do you get the Waiting Room or Lobby VC to stay where its at, or have the voice channels created below it?
Answer: It will create it below it by default, you can try to create the temp channels in another category if you want


Question: how come sometimes i miss out on a que even tho i qued in 4th out of 8?
Answer: What type of queue is it?


Question: 4v4
Answer: I meant like matchmaking or pugs


Question: all solo que
Answer: Take a ss of the queue


Question: ahh yes it says matchmaking que
Answer: When its matchmaking its basically like searching people within a mmr range, so you probably didnt fit in the range


Question: Basically their mmr were closer
Answer: i see thank you for your help


Question: is there a way to disable the matchmaking from not trying to pair similar mmr
Answer: That would be changing the queue type to PUGs via /queuetype


Question: That would be changing the queue type to PUGs via /queuetype
Answer: thank you!


Question: hey guys, our leaderboard doesn't work for some reason
Answer: Probably a discord visual bug


Question: hey guys, our leaderboard doesn't work for some reason
Answer: in the same channel? what if you click the leaderboard title URL?


Question: To manually add points to someone's MMR I have to use /add mmr, but what's command for deducting MMR?
Answer: you can just add a negative number


Question: in the same channel? what if you click the leaderboard title URL?
Answer: yeah, same channel. this is the url https://www.neatqueue.com/leaderboard/1057052494221561927/1173951345255010317
I don't see anything on the site either


Question: is there a method to change the voice channels the bot manually moves teams to? for example: instead of moving the teams to newly created temporary voice channels inside of where the neatqueue bot is being used, can it create two new channels in another category?
Answer: Do you mean changing where the temp channels are created?


Question: yes
Answer: /channel category


Question: after we select team and the bot drags us to each channel, after about 5 seconds, it disbands all the VCs and disconnects all
Answer: you are probably in test mode still


Question: Hello, can anyone help set up neat queue? I'm confused
Answer: Check the basic guide on channels description


Question: maybe a requeue timer is too low?
Answer: You changed the match cleanup?


Question: You changed the match cleanup?
Answer: dont think so


Question: Check the basic guide on channels description
Answer: I did and nothing worked


Question: I did and nothing worked
Answer: Whats the issue?


Question: yea, seems there is still an issue, will  revert back to the old machine
Answer: lemme know when you do that, just so i know


Question: nope
Answer: Hmm can you do /config save and send it


Question: lemme know when you do that, just so i know
Answer: already done


Question: is there anyway to disable the bot asking if the randomized captains are fair after voting has concluded? and is there a way to make the temp VCs to be greater than 4 ppl>?
Answer: 1. Disable `/captains reshuffle`
2. Team channels are gonna be the size of the team, you cant make it custom size, it will depend on the team size, the only thing you can do is adding a spectator role or disable the channel restrictions, this last one will make the vc unrestricted and then anyone could join


Question: 1. Disable `/captains reshuffle`
2. Team channels are gonna be the size of the team, you cant make it custom size, it will depend on the team size, the only thing you can do is adding a spectator role or disable the channel restrictions, this last one will make the vc unrestricted and then anyone could join
Answer: awesome, thanks


Question: Is there a way to rename an existing queue?
Answer: `/queuename`, but when you change it you're not gonna have the stats in the new name


Question: `/teamselection set `
Answer: Do i do it twice for both captains and balanced? i did players choose and didnt realize what it meant lol


Question: Do i do it twice for both captains and balanced? i did players choose and didnt realize what it meant lol
Answer: Do you want the voting menu for team selectiom to be Just Captains or balanced right?, so you run the command and select captains and balanced in the dropdown


Question: Do you want the voting menu for team selectiom to be Just Captains or balanced right?, so you run the command and select captains and balanced in the dropdown
Answer: ohh i can do both gotcha


Question: im getting random neatqueue channels and channel pool any fix for that
Answer: Wdym?


Question: Wdym?
Answer: the bot is creating its own category and its calling channels neatqueue reserved channel


Question: the bot is creating its own category and its calling channels neatqueue reserved channel
Answer: Its your server really big?


Question: Its your server really big?
Answer: just over 1k


Question: the bot is creating its own category and its calling channels neatqueue reserved channel
Answer: yea, how many games played in the last 24 hours


Question: Hello, I just wanted to ask whether there is any way to create a relegation system between queues, so that if one performs poorly in one queue, they get demoted to a lower queue?
Answer: Check out /autoroles and /role requirement


Question: i guess cuz you have no gamemodes
Answer: ^ maybe this same issue?


Question: yea, how many games played in the last 24 hours
Answer: Alot of games cant really count them, not sure how to check it either


Question: Alot of games cant really count them, not sure how to check it either
Answer: /serverstats info, altough it resets in 5 mins


Question: Is there a way to change the temporary VC names like there is for the text channels? Specifically just different names for the different queues
Answer: Yep, `/teamnames set`


Question: Scheduling auto commands, in my case leaderboards in the am at 8cst
Answer: taking a look now, what did you try that broke?


Question: the only way i can think of doing it currently is with `/leaderboardconfig monthly`, then setting up some `/autoroles games`
Answer: Problem is that'd remove everybody's roles, even the ones who played 6 games the previous month, right? And we need stats to not be reset.

My attempted solution was to use the "points" system (e.g. 1 game played = +1 point), and do some form of resetting everyone's points every month.

But I tentatively concluded that we need a way of setting someone's points to 0 or 6, nothing in between. We can start by e.g. /points ceiling 6, then we could do something like points = (int)points/6 * 6 with integer division which would yield 0 or 6 only. Don't know if that's possible though


Question: so im not sure what could be interferring, i cant replicate it
Answer: btw its been fine now that I put it back to 1 large category


Question: Hey, quick question. How do  I remove that people recieve a PM when a queue gets created.
Answer: Whats a pm?


Question: Hey, quick question. How do  I remove that people recieve a PM when a queue gets created.
Answer: `/matchstart dmplayers`


Question: so idk, maybe I just did it wrong
Answer: hmm ill try checking it out more today, i know other servers do the separate category thing, it really shouldnt break anything


Question: is it possible to pull all players from the temp (unrestricted) VCs aka Team 1 & Team 2, and others who join the channel and NOT return them to previous channel but to a fixed VC already established by the server?
Answer: is this possible? just wondering bc ppl like to join and watch and then it kicks them out of the match created channels


Question: Like return all the players to a specific VC when the match ends?
Answer: and everyone else who joined the channel


Question: and everyone else who joined the channel
Answer: Have u tried the /lobbychannel


Question: yes, just doesn't give me an option to set where to returnall. only gives me the option toggle enable/disable
Answer: It will return to the lobby channel u set


Question: Quick question, when using /leaderboardconfig sharedstats, does it auto configure stats if leaderboard is set to monthly reset ?  Or do we need to re-enter the command ?
Answer: nope it should automatically work


Question: whats the channel ID?
Answer: any idea on this tho?


Question: is there a way for people to join the queue simply by joining a specific voice channel or does everyone who wants to join physically have to click the join queue button
Answer: yes everyone needs to click the button


Question: It works for me, are u sure youre using it?
Answer: i am


Question: yeah, team 1 is getting one pick, then team 2 is only getting one pick
Answer: It works fine for me, could you send me your queue config?


Question: It works fine for me, could you send me your queue config?
Answer: how do i do that?  /save config and send u the code?


Question: Yep
Answer: NYFNJ


Question: Yep
Answer: just tested again.  still not working correctly


Question: i cant find a comman which disable DM notification about match starting, anyone can help?
Answer: yep /matchstart players


Question: Hey <@145305657237700608> the VC deletions are happening again. I don’t think they’re getting deleted, I think they’re getting repurposed mid-match
Answer: zoomafia reported the same thing, i also agree this is likely an issue with the channel pool


Question: yea unfortunately i cant see much in terms of the elo calc since it has been reverted
Answer: Just happened again in another rank. Apparently players who get all these points are players who dont appear in leaderboards before their game


Question: just tested again.  still not working correctly
Answer: Have u used hybrid 2 before?,


Question: Ok you can fix it by /captain firstpick and setting it to lowest rated
Answer: im pretty sure i tested that.  because the lowest rated captain should have picks 2, 4 & 5


Question: im pretty sure i tested that.  because the lowest rated captain should have picks 2, 4 & 5
Answer: It worked for me with your config


Question: i really don't get it, there are certain players who are not appearing in the leaderboards even after they played 1 game, so it's not even the leaderboardconfig requiredgames problem
Answer: what’s ur config code?


Question: It worked for me with your config
Answer: the issue wouldnt have to do with the captain's MMR would it?  idk what is causing it to tweak.  team size being 4?


Question: the issue wouldnt have to do with the captain's MMR would it?  idk what is causing it to tweak.  team size being 4?
Answer: I dont know tbh, your first captain pick is like always team 2


Question: what’s ur config code?
Answer: HXQAB, but it's just one of many channels for the same queue


Question: HXQAB, but it's just one of many channels for the same queue
Answer: let me check it out


Question: I dont know tbh, your first captain pick is like always team 2
Answer: yeah when i set it to lowest MMR it doesnt work as described.  which unfortunately in my use case it's resulting in some unfair teams.


Question: i really don't get it, there are certain players who are not appearing in the leaderboards even after they played 1 game, so it's not even the leaderboardconfig requiredgames problem
Answer: also if you have an example of a player in this state, lmk


Question: i believe that’s the default no?
Answer: now that im looking it appears that it is.


Question: just have to wait?
Answer: let me manually reset all


Question: is there a way to use the hybrid drafttype without the MMR requirement?
Answer: wdym?


Question: it doesn’t have any mmr requirement
Answer: it says “pick a player under xxxx MMR to get another pick”


Question: does the leaderboard work before people have played a match?
Answer: They have to play 1 match to appear


Question: I'm trying to give different players different initial mmr
Answer: Yes you can, you can set initial mmr roles, and just give it to them


Question: Hey guys, having a little issue with our queue. When people are the first /8 in queue it doesn’t start and others are able to join the queue. Sometimes the first people to queue are missing out. Anyone have a remedy for this?
Answer: Seems like you are using matchmaking queue?


Question: Is there a way to change the rank output? Or could I connect a jpeg/png picture that is connected to a rank when they earn it? For example rank 1 has a picture of a 1 next to their name instead of the text
Answer: no that’s a nitro feature i believe


Question: are you trying to see like matchup stats?
Answer: btw this is possible to see via the API, matchup stats are tracked, just not shown in any discord command atm


Question: Ohh crap so it’ll load queue 1s stats into it
Answer: You can jst rename it


Question: btw this is possible to see via the API, matchup stats are tracked, just not shown in any discord command atm
Answer: That’ll be nice when y’all make the command! If that’s in the works haha


Question: btw this is possible to see via the API, matchup stats are tracked, just not shown in any discord command atm
Answer: <@298339106847457290> Did you see this


Question: Hey folks,
I’ve got our bot working mostly fine and it’s awesome, however after a game finishes when the queue fills again it doesn’t start again… sometimes it will get hung for 5 minutes. 

Is there some setting I’m missing that sets a time for this? I checked the documentation and didn’t see anything that jumped out. 

Thanks in advance!
Answer: Do you have the queuetype in matchmaking?


Question: Do you have the queuetype in matchmaking?
Answer: Err… I’m unsure what you mean, so I’m guessing no?


Question: Err… I’m unsure what you mean, so I’m guessing no?
Answer: If your queue has matchmaking name in it, and u didnt add that it means is matchmaking


Question: <@298339106847457290> Did you see this
Answer: aw damn that'd be sick


Question: It just means that if is 4v4, when theres 8 players, no matter their mmr the game will automatically start
Answer: That’s perfect. Thanks so much for your help.


Question: aw damn that'd be sick
Answer: idk a good way to show that info


Question: It’s actually doing it right now I believe, people are saying they can’t vote because the text chats are disappearing
Answer: so its text channels too?


Question: yea `/set ign`
Answer: Do I need to do account:'none'
Or account:none
?


Question: how do i set maps, then modes so that you have to choose map and then mode for each? like a cod map and then a game mode
Answer: it’s game mode then map


Question: sorry for spam , how do you make so it autobalances teams and not use the captain format?
Answer: change your /teamselection


Question: change your /teamselection
Answer: how do you make it so mmr = a certain role


Question: U might want PUGs, do /queuetype ans change it
Answer: I did this last week but double checked and did it again last night, but still having the same issues


Question: I did this last week but double checked and did it again last night, but still having the same issues
Answer: Share ur config code


Question: Share ur config code
Answer: Think one of the boys picked it up, some reason switched back from PUG. Switched it back this afternoon and seems to be running okay


Question: Also anyone know why it ends the que so fast if someone isn't in voice chat. It says 5 minutes but then will just close down the lobby at 5 seconds and say the player is inactive and one more that Everytime a lobby is over it goes back to a specific channel can I change the channel it brings them to
Answer: You change the channel it brings them to via /lobbychannel


Question: You change the channel it brings them to via /lobbychannel
Answer: Even in the que in this server it ends quickly


Question: Is there a discord setting that I can change just seems annoying Everytime they get out of que having to go back to the welcome channel
Answer: i wish


Question: hey how can i setup bot so he will show roles in que ?
Answer: You cant in matchmaking queue (roles)


Question: neatqueue basic guide can give you an idea of the rank system :] https://www.neatqueue.com/guide
Answer: Thanks bro, I'll look here!


Question: Is there a way to reduce the amount of votes needed for win voting
Answer: /requiredvotes winner


Question: And is there a way to reduce amount of time for vote duration
Answer: /timer votes


Question: /requiredvotes winner
Answer: Whenever I use those commands they say that they worked but whenever I go to the vote it’s still 60 secs


Question: Whenever I use those commands they say that they worked but whenever I go to the vote it’s still 60 secs
Answer: And still requires the normal amount of votes


Question: Idk if you're talking to me or the other guy but i'll explain my issue. I have a "Chill" lobby voice channel which I set as my lobby with the bot. When I start a matchmaking lobby with teams, it drags all the players voice the "Chill" voice channel into the "Queue" voice channel that it makes. The bot makes "Team" voice channels as well, but it does not drag people into their teams like it used to from the "Queue" VC. Is there a timer on there now or some sort of bug, because I'm using the same preset I've used before and it doesn't work anymore.
Answer: must be some sort of bug then


Question: must be some sort of bug then
Answer: Gotcha


Question: could you elaborate
Answer: once you queued enough players, the vc waits about 30s to pull everyone, instead of immidiately. 
once captains are picked, and the first pick goes to captain 'x' captain, but once he picks his first player, it pulls him into the wrong team. ('y' captain). the selection of teams goes to the wrong captain.


Question: there’s no timer for voting for the winner though?
Answer: Ya there’s no timer for winner I’m talking about the setup of the match like picking captains and how captains are determined


Question: Ya there’s no timer for winner I’m talking about the setup of the match like picking captains and how captains are determined
Answer: what are you trying to change?


Question: what are you trying to change?
Answer: I want the timer for selecting captains to be less than the normal 60 secs


Question: I want the timer for selecting captains to be less than the normal 60 secs
Answer: `/timer votes`


Question: And I’m changing the amount of votes needed to win a vote but it’s not actually changing
Answer: check out `/requiredvotes`


Question: or XVVHE if that doesnt work
Answer: just gave it a test and it seemed to work


Question: whats ur config code
Answer: How do I see that


Question: `/config save`
Answer: KHKSC


Question: copy
Answer: ok its fixed


Question: /captains selection set to random
/captains reshuffle set to enable
Answer: 🙏🏼 thank you


Question: /managestats reset all will reset mmr and leaderboard
Answer: 🙏🏼 thank you


Question: 
Answer: Thank you


Question: Can you explain mmr Variance? Especially with up to 50 MMR only in a discord
Answer: i'm not a mod or on support i just have been experimenting a lot with the bot. in plain man's terms, the higher you set the variance value the lower the varying amount of outputted mmr will be. so lower variance will have higher swings in mmr and higher variance will have lower swings.


Question: 
Answer: `/captains drafttype`


Question: 
Answer: You need to link up the channel


Question: You need to link up the channel
Answer: Got you, any chance to input the names of the teams?


Question: But it will be constant not variable for user input
Answer: ok, maybe would be a good option for the feature for scrims etc


Question: Can this be changed? or the leaderboard is only able to show individual mmr?
Answer: i think is just individual stats


Question: im not sure what you are trying to it
Answer: to reiterate I'm experimenting with dynamic mmr gain and loss as players gain and lose mmr


Question: looking to set up role exclusive mmr gain and mmr loss across a variety of roles, though we have a couple of issues

- `/mmr change set [amount] (loser_mmr) (static)` adjusts mmr loss, though the lack of a role argument doesn't seem fitting for role exclusive mmr loss.
- Decay works in the same fashion as the above issue; we'd like to adjust decay to be active past a certain mmr threshold, 
- `/mmr multiplier set [role] [multiplier]` works fantastically for role exclusive mmr gain; however it doesn't seem to work both ways according to the description.

thought I'd ask in support before making a feature request in case anyone has solutions
Answer: these issues I addressed were issues I found trying to execute my idea under a single queue


Question: Havent made any changes that I'm aware of but the bot isnt dragging people in and out of channels. Is there some command im missing to reactivate it?
Answer: Did you delete the lobby channel you set?


Question: Sent in an mmr reset. Will that maintain what the roles are worth to the queue?
Answer: wich roles


Question: Also do y'all the reset manually?
Answer: <:hmm:1172617247320195123>


Question: no, changing queue type does not modify the config much
Answer: Reason I ask is when I test it it didn’t let me get more than the captains into the queue


Question: Anyway to change this?
Answer: You might want full team vs full team instead of select team on join?


Question: Anyway to change this?
Answer: Change it to what?


Question: I didn’t make this change here but it’s asking me to either solo or team queue here in a different queue now?
Answer: You made a party?


Question: Where it says team name1
Answer: `/teamnames`


Question: <@145305657237700608> the bot deletes the text channel when the queue ends?
Answer: the text channel it creates?


Question: its weird so if we vote no for certain captains it makes them the captains and if we vote yes it turns down the captains and gives us a new option
Answer: What options?


Question: it got banned for an hour by accident
Answer: /player unban


Question: What options?
Answer: captains, random


Question: captains, random
Answer: Theres 2 vote menus, team selection that has, random, balanced, captains, unfair, if you select captains, there will be another vote menu, where you choose how captains are going to be selected, random, H Rated, L rated, Votes or balanced


Question: we choose captains then random normally, but if we vote yes to the captains it denies it
Answer: Wdym denies it?


Question: Wdym denies it?
Answer: like we would have 6 votes for yes for the having the captains and 0 for no and it wouldn’t go through and make new ones


Question: Damn. Anyway another queues info can be added to this queue?
Answer: ill make it so if there is a queue in the channel, it converts it into a tournament


Question: ill make it so if there is a queue in the channel, it converts it into a tournament
Answer: Thank you 🙏🏼


Question: Queues with the same name share stats but no configs
Answer: right, they share the same stats, but if one queue has it such that decay occurs and one doesn't, wouldn't the elo for BOTH queues be affected by the decay of one queue, since stats are synced


Question: right, they share the same stats, but if one queue has it such that decay occurs and one doesn't, wouldn't the elo for BOTH queues be affected by the decay of one queue, since stats are synced
Answer: that’s correct


Question: no there’s no toggle for overfilling a role
Answer: damn unfortunate


Question: /endqueue
Answer: I deleted the channel where the queue was, so i can no longer use that command


Question: im assuming you can run multiple queues, but if i ban a role can I ban them from one queue specifically or does it get banned from all of them? I want to make it so certain roles can only join certain queues.
Answer: If you want so certain roles can only join certain queues, the best option is `/rolerequirement`


Question: I deleted the channel where the queue was, so i can no longer use that command
Answer: it’s deleted automatically then <:thumb:711064979012321290>


Question: One of my queues will only accept three votes in the cancel menu before no longer allowing votes. I've ran `/requiredvotes cancel 5` for a 8 man queue which hasnt fixed it. Anything I'm missing?
Answer: could you share the config code?


Question: could you share the config code?
Answer: YBHEM


Question: <@145305657237700608> How do i allow players to use the command /stats only ?
Answer: in your servers integration settings, you can hide commands per role


Question: ill make it so if there is a queue in the channel, it converts it into a tournament
Answer: did you get to  this by any chance Neatz?


Question: <@145305657237700608> <@648635725964902411> What about the clear queue or end current queue? can we setup permission for the players to cancel the queue if one the players that joined the queue doesnt show up?
Answer: Thats a command by default, the canceling one


Question: can any player of the current queue use " /cancel "
Answer: /cancel wont cancel the game instantly, it brings up a vote menu, /outcome cancel is the one that cancels it instantly (Only admin use)


Question: i just dont want people to be able to input "/" and show other commands you see?
Answer: you can hide commands via the server integration settings


Question: did you get to  this by any chance Neatz?
Answer: not yet, no update today


Question: Hello, what is the command for reseting the w/l record ?
Answer: `/set wins` and `/set losses` for everyone i think will work out


Question: Hello! How can I adjust a "winning" team with push buttons?
Answer: ` /staffchannel set`


Question: ` /staffchannel set`
Answer: I will try it!


Question: YBHEM
Answer: <@145305657237700608> did you have a solution to this?


Question: i used /test to check my configuration, is there a way to disable it
Answer: run /test again


Question: is there a way to call on the queue interface, i had used /misc purge and it had removed all messages in the channel including the ui
Answer: if you had a queue message it sholdnt had be deleted


Question: knowing it’s beta, are there any commands for tournament matchmaking?
Answer: like what?


Question: How many queues can i create in 1 discord?
Answer: Free plan max 3 queues at once


Question: Free plan max 3 queues at once
Answer: oh is there a reason why i only have 2 active queues and cant create a 3rd one


Question: On the results page what happened to the override to select the winner with 1 click.
Answer: thats the /staffchannel


Question: is there a way i can get the bot to drag people to my own channels i made or is that not a thing?
Answer: You mean, when a match starts it drags you to a defined channel?


Question: You mean, when a match starts it drags you to a defined channel?
Answer: yeee


Question: Hey, so what command do i need to enter to force people to join a vc to be added to the 8's que
Answer: Thats not really possible at all


Question: Hey guys, I have a question. Is there a way to disable the "team selection" ?
Answer: Wdym?


Question: Thats not really possible at all
Answer: the thing is you can use /voice channel required, i just cant work out how to mset the channel but ive seen it done


Question: the thing is you can use /voice channel required, i just cant work out how to mset the channel but ive seen it done
Answer: oh you mean after the match is started?


Question: is there a way to speed up the bot to automatically drag everyone from the queue to the "queue" vc channel? its taking about 2 mins after queue is filled
Answer: You must have ur queue in matchmaking type?


Question: You must have ur queue in matchmaking type?
Answer: correct


Question: That means:
Players join the queue, and once there are enough players within their MMR range, a match is created.

So it will take minutes to find players within their MMR range. You can easily change it via `/queuetype`, and setting it to *PUGs/Normal Individual Queue*, this means the match will be created when the queue is full.
Answer: /test again


Question: I wanted to know how I can start the Queue without having to join the voice call and go straight to voting
Answer: change your `/voicechannels mode`


Question: <@145305657237700608> Can the bot have a report system for those players that join the queue and dont show up?
Answer: <@145305657237700608>


Question: also is there a way to check what banned roles there are currently
Answer: `/info `


Question: maybe could go in the `/anticheat`
Answer: Can people vote in the anti cheat?


Question: there is no anticheat flag for not joining the voice channel
Answer: Maybe a good thing to add in the future, what do you think? In order to penalise those that keep join the queues and no show


Question: So now I'm scheduling leaderboards and wondering what to do after the following —
Answer: this will be fixed in tomorrow's update


Question: Is there any way when the game queues up it auto pulls people into the VC?
Answer: Like if you queue but youre not in a voiche channel, when the match starts it auto pulls you in vc?


Question: Problem I can think if someone is not at the queue because of mm
Answer: Wdym?


Question: Yes like they are in actual gameplay on the game as opposed to queue customs
Answer: best you can do is ping/send DMs


Question: Also. How do you give someone permissions for the bot to almost do everything but not everything haha
Answer: `/staffrole command`


Question: 
Answer: you can add MMR, points is another feature, but you probably mean MMR, by `/add mmr`, and you can reset the MMR of a person via `/managestats reset mmr`


Question: How do we remove this voting stage?
Answer: /teamselection set, just put balanced if its a 1v1 it wont matter


Question: /teamselection set, just put balanced if its a 1v1 it wont matter
Answer: no we are only testing using 1v1. will be up to 3v3, needs to be randomized teams for that


Question: no we are only testing using 1v1. will be up to 3v3, needs to be randomized teams for that
Answer: Oh ok, so do `/teamselection reshuffle toggle:Disabled`


Question: <@648635725964902411> <@145305657237700608> 

Good morning guys! So yesterday one of the players did not show up to the game/queue after JOIN QUEUE. The game was cancelled and the players were deducted 200 mmr instead of the player that did not show up. Also the players from the team involved has been ban for the next queue's...
Answer: Not sure abt the mmr deduction, when u dont show up you get autobanned by default


Question: how do i remove a queue
Answer: `/endqueue`


Question: Not sure abt the mmr deduction, when u dont show up you get autobanned by default
Answer: The whole team or just the player that didn’t show up?


Question: The whole team or just the player that didn’t show up?
Answer: /player unban, for only the one who got banned


Question: /player unban, for only the one who got banned
Answer: I know but all the players for that team have been banned for 12 hours and lost 200mmr


Question: 
Answer: You have to unban 1 by 1


Question: You have to unban 1 by 1
Answer: How to give the MMR back ?


Question: To disable `/player autoban`
Answer: If you want to disable that


Question: How to give the MMR back ?
Answer: /add mmr


Question: MMR
Answer: What I want is to change like a la ta with 5-8 = 5 wins and 8 losses I want to put 6 wins and 3 losses


Question: `/set losses` and  `/set wins`
Answer: How to create a table and statistics?


Question: otherwise it’s all the same
Answer: Wordddd


Question: Is there a way to get better connection to bot it seems to be delayed w setup menu, keep says starting and nothings popping up
Answer: make sure the bot has permissions for the channel


Question: Is there a way I can have 20, 30, 40 people signup for one queue and it matchmake 2, 3, 4 games to vote with or does it always have to be separated queues
Answer: i’m not sure i understand


Question: i cant interact with the queue at all
Answer: the bot is going off and on


Question: Wont be available till NeatZ comes online
Answer: https://tenor.com/view/%E7%9A%849-gif-27299608


Question: Need it for right now cod players are going mad xD
Answer: It's working intermittently on and off every 3 minutes or so, see <#992610856904957992> . I'm able to get commands in just fine half the time, so it's at least semi functional


Question: `/ratinginname format format: location:`
Answer: do players have to register their Ign or no?


Question: Hey so been using the queue for a bit now! Is there a way to restrict the queue using roles so that players with the same role (team) can’t queue against one another? The queue is 1v1 based, so I want to ensure that within my week tourney that players on the same team can’t queue up at the same time and be placed in a 1v1 against each other. Any suggestions would be appreciated, especially if done using roles
Answer: i’m not totally sure i understand what you are asking


Question: does each team get its own role?
Answer: yes exactly this! 

i have 2 teams & each with its own role (ex/ @team1 & @team2). I want to make sure players in team1 arent queued up against one another & can only queued up against players in the other team


Question: how can i make 8v8 ranked system for the game called pro soccer online
Answer: https://www.neatqueue.com/guide


Question: https://www.neatqueue.com/guide
Answer: I don't speak English


Question: here is better for visibility
Answer: https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1158828306569891982/1185979418032738444/image.png?ex=65919467&is=657f1f67&hm=08086031d45214613c27efe17446b1437e0e1f5232c64cd5c9510e378c01a5ee&


Question: https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1158828306569891982/1185979418032738444/image.png?ex=65919467&is=657f1f67&hm=08086031d45214613c27efe17446b1437e0e1f5232c64cd5c9510e378c01a5ee&
Answer: just /setup


Question: just /setup
Answer: I want to do the same


Question: How do I change the s? If i can't where does it even stand for?
Answer: you probably have a party


Question: you probably have a party
Answer: wdym, how to change it?


Question: `/party disband `
Answer: I did this but if i Select team join it says there must be a party. I created two parties, one and two. Then if I click on join 1 or something it tells me that the party need 6 members??


Question: I did this but if i Select team join it says there must be a party. I created two parties, one and two. Then if I click on join 1 or something it tells me that the party need 6 members??
Answer: you have your queue full team vs full team?


Question: you have your queue full team vs full team?
Answer: Yes, i want to make people choose a captain ??


Question: Yes, i want to make people choose a captain ??
Answer: you want PUGs, that is individual queue, and then team selection


Question: you want PUGs, that is individual queue, and then team selection
Answer: Is there a way to dont do the whole process again, like doing a command so the bot does the exact same thing as before or something? or does it save? idk


Question: also u said you only wanted captains, so do aswell /teamselection, and just select captains
Answer: no i mean like captains choose their team and then bot makes new channel where everyone gets put in but yes. 

Also how to choose winner?


Question: a match cant be voted for the w
Answer: Just wait


Question: We just can wait
Answer: it will take a long time ?


Question: We just can wait
Answer: no brotha we fiends for gears of war 4


Question: You could try /outcome selectwinner, when the bot is back up
Answer: Thanks


Question: is the bot working fine? i can't queue even tho the bot appears as online
Answer: https://discord.com/channels/505102060119916545/992610856904957992/1186101735694024705


Question: <@648635725964902411> <:sadcat:1179569615911800842>
Answer: Cant do something <:Shrug:1171270284670668830>


Question: I’m def on 2
Answer: chandler do u know BPL NA server?


Question: I’m def on 2
Answer: Node 1 is working fine, if youre in node 2 nothing works


Question: i was just able to join queue so it seems good
Answer: it let me do that when i was testign it but then it went back down after 5 mins  so idk


Question: Does anyone know the answer to this? 

There was an active queue (#138 in my server) when went down, but when the players saw they couldn't vote for a winner one of my admins made a note of the teams and deleted the channels. Is there a way I can access this back, will it appear in my admin channel when the bots back up? If I already have it set to send results to my admin channel 

Idk if I'm going to need to make a queue 139 when the bots up or if it'll still let me put the result for 138
Answer: Any way to work around this?


Question: it let me do that when i was testign it but then it went back down after 5 mins  so idk
Answer: ours was just failing every interaction so this seems to be solid rn


Question: actually might be good
Answer: down again <a:SadgeCry:1120492320459067412>


Question: down again <a:SadgeCry:1120492320459067412>
Answer: Going in and out for me


Question: try /tempchannels toggle again
Answer: i tried that, it didnt work


Question: https://www.neatqueue.com/guide
Answer: how can I find config


Question: how can I find config
Answer: Config of what


Question: is it possible that someone who doesnt own the server pay for premium ?
Answer: Yes but he needs to has administrator perms or staff i dont remember


Question: Yes but he needs to has administrator perms or staff i dont remember
Answer: Okay


Question: Yes but he needs to has administrator perms or staff i dont remember
Answer: doesnt work with admin perm


Question: Whats the rate limit?
Answer: is it still saying that?


Question: i have reset the mmr but all players get 1000 MMR directly
Answer: `/startingmmr set ` to 0, and then reset again


Question: Is there a way to display MMR next to people's name on the server? Sure there is but can't seem to figure it out <a:Huh:905162032284852374>
Answer: `/ratinginname format`


Question: Is there anyway I can make both teams join voice channel on que?
Answer: wich voice channel?


Question: wich voice channel?
Answer: Team channel when match starts instead of teams going into separate channels can they join the same one?


Question: `/ratinginname format`
Answer: Thank u sir, made it that far but what to put in "format" and "location"


Question: Thank u sir, made it that far but what to put in "format" and "location"
Answer: format, for example, if you want to put the mmr inside brackets it would be [$], `$` represents the MMR, the location, **Suffix** is after the user´s nickname, `Don Soap [1000]`, **Prefix**, means before the user´s nickname `[1000] Don Soap`, also forgot to mention to toggle this option, `/ratinginname toggle`


Question: `/message winnermessage results `
Answer: this worked for a few queues, and now it is happening again


Question: Team channel when match starts instead of teams going into separate channels can they join the same one?
Answer: I dont think u can do that, u will need to set up a channel by urself and disable team voice channels


Question: 1 last thing lol, how to remove a queue?
Answer: `/endqueue`


Question: my bot is still offline
Answer: Check <#992610856904957992> and <#919709100114346076>


Question: how to make the voice channels of teams anyone be able to join it ?
Answer: Either `/channel restrictions` or `/spectatorrole`, first one easier approach


Question: Either `/channel restrictions` or `/spectatorrole`, first one easier approach
Answer: ``/channel restrictions`` disable right ?


Question: Yeah Each Q has there there own name and channel such but seems like i cant get the leaderboard to work right
Answer: Whats the issue


Question: I was trying to put all 3 boards in one channel but seems like it happen that way
Answer: You can put leadearboards in different channels using /link, but you cant put 3 lbs in one channel


Question: sry bout that
Answer: It's also because you're a Georgia fan


Question: 
Answer: https://tenor.com/view/prayer-jordan-hare-auburn-pass-ricardo-louis-auburn-georgia-gif-18648446


Question: We just converted our most popular queue to mm last night, what could i do to lower the strain on stats? Is queue button easier on the bot than a regular /stats channel
Answer: any idea how many people were in the MM at once?


Question: any idea how many people were in the MM at once?
Answer: i never saw more than like 16


Question: i just get 0/4 and only one voice chat gets made
Answer: Wdym?


Question: is it possible to put gamemode selection before map ban?
Answer: Dont think so


Question: Why does it keep going offline every night tho? My discord members keep complaining
Answer: Issues with some big servers or internal errors with discord


Question: Why does it keep going offline every night tho? My discord members keep complaining
Answer: yea combination of some issues with high bot usage, and discord api instability yesterday


Question: how to transfer <#992610856904957992> messages to my discord channel?
Answer: does anyone know?


Question: does anyone know?
Answer: https://discord.com/channels/505102060119916545/857677776471588894/1186126522692665395


Question: https://discord.com/channels/505102060119916545/857677776471588894/1186126522692665395
Answer: damn, that's why it doesn't work


Question: maybe the watcher bot should be implemented in my channel?
Answer: If you figure out how, let me know lol


Question: Is it possible to transfer the queue I set up on a trial server into an other one? Don't need to transfer stats but just the settings of the queues
Answer: `/config save` and `/config load`


Question: it does transfer between different servers?
Answer: configs can be load wherever


Question: <@648635725964902411> 

How do i link 2 queus to the same leaderboard please?
Answer: The queues needs to have the same name to share stats


Question: The queues needs to have the same name to share stats
Answer: Does this also mean that not having the same name for the queues will create different leaderboards, or is there a process for that (if it's doable)?


Question: Does this also mean that not having the same name for the queues will create different leaderboards, or is there a process for that (if it's doable)?
Answer: Yep, stats are attached to queue's name


Question: Channel restriction should be enabled
Answer: yeah cause i think i removed the spectator role, i hoped the channels restriction fixed it, but well see


Question: also does mmr reset?
Answer: If you activate it then yes


Question: `/leaderboardconfig monthly`
Answer: Altough do this on january 1st, if you do it now it will count like the month started today


Question: also when people join queue how do i make the bot choose captains
Answer: /captain selection - select random


Question: Imagine a COD deathmatch
I need majority to have to vote or a way to have players lose rank/gain/stay stagnet??
So if there's 8 players lets say
#1 Gets most elo
#2-3 Gain some maybe 
#4 Draw? Nothing? IDC? lose ELO?
#5-8 Lose elo
Is this plausible or somehting along the lines
Answer: Thats not really possible


Question: Is it an error that's server specific?
Answer: I started getting this error too


Question: Is it an error that's server specific?
Answer: Same here


Question: it’s not an error, it’s disabled intentional
Answer: I see thank you


Question: it’s not an error, it’s disabled intentional
Answer: when it will be available again?


Question: hello! can anyone help me with this? How can I make a queue where it shows the teams like this? team 1 and team 2
Answer: `/queuetype` full team vs full team


Question: how do i delete configs? thanks
Answer: Wdym? You cant delete them


Question: Is matchmaking back up or no
Answer: looks like it is


Question: i wanted to name configs but it said name already taken?
Answer: configs are universal available, so you can delete them


Question: configs are universal available, so you can delete them
Answer: Okay thanks for info did you mean *cant Btw?


Question: Okay thanks for info did you mean *cant Btw?
Answer: yes, can’t


Question: 
Answer: you have Matchmaking queue


Question: Hey people can i change the players requeriment of 8 to 4?
Answer: You mean teamsize?


Question: Login -> Dashboard
Answer: Much appreciated, thanks!


Question: For auto roles does it have to be per queue or do they all sync?
Answer: it’s a per-queue config


Question: you can use /autoroles copy
Answer: I understand now, thanks!


Question: hey guys in BPL C were getting this error in every queue
Answer: every channel?


Question: every channel?
Answer: Our mains one are getting it rn


Question: i still cant get my queue results to go to the channel I enter in the command, is there a command I am missing? it was working for the first 288 queues, since then it stopped working
Answer: thats the staffchannel, you want /resultschannel


Question: or is it the same
Answer: is there a difference between the 2? I found the results channel command right before you sent this


Question: let me revert the last change
Answer: yeah its kinda going crazy in here i cleared all the queues and it wont make a lobby at all


Question: is there a difference between the 2? I found the results channel command right before you sent this
Answer: Staff is where staff can change/revert results


Question: is there a difference between the 2? I found the results channel command right before you sent this
Answer: Staffchannel is a channel where you manage/see the Queue results


Question: yeah its kinda going crazy in here i cleared all the queues and it wont make a lobby at all
Answer: lets see in a sec


Question: yeah its kinda going crazy in here i cleared all the queues and it wont make a lobby at all
Answer: you can unlock


Question: is a mod able to hop in a vc and kinda go over a couple things with me?
Answer: if not all is good just need help figuring a few things out i don't see listed on the documentation


Question: previously when a queue filled it would list everyone that was in the queue as seen in the above embed but almost a year later it just shows the bottom embed (i dont believe any settings were changed)

is there a way to have it show everyone that was in the queue after its completed when theres only one team? /misc mention didn't work but presumably that's because no teams are being created

the queue is set to 1 team and teamsize of 8

code: QEVEN

thanks!
Answer: hmm i guess queuing with 1 team doesn’t display right


Question: How can I get it to where the names the show up the on the queue instead of the number of players in the queue?
Answer: <:hmm:1172617247320195123>


Question: Currently, when people queue into the bot I get a "number" of people who are in the queue. What I am looking to do it to have the names of the players (discord names) in the bot.
Answer: disable /anonymousqueue


Question: disable /anonymousqueue
Answer: Thank you so much!


Question: How do i remove captains in a 1v1 q😃
Answer: /teamselection


Question: is matchmaking down again <a:SadgeCry:1120492320459067412>
Answer: is it working for you?


Question: ours isn't deleting channels as well, I've been manually doing it post-cancel
Answer: so it does the countdown, then just doesnt do anything?


Question: Where can i find the premium subscription for my discord
Answer: www.neatqueue.com Login and then go to dashboard


Question: Staffchannel is a channel where you manage/see the Queue results
Answer: gotcha, makes sense, I had them both going to the queue results channel prior to them not working, now the /results channel worked, but the staff channel command did not change it, still stays in the main queue channel


Question: new record for earliest time to go down
Answer: Why it goes offline so often? Is it scheduled maintenance?


Question: no theres no option for that
Answer: Maybe it would be a nice addition? A person receives a notification the number of seconds before the downgrade


Question: you should be able to see the chat logs in the staff channel?
Answer: yes, every time theres 4 votes for the correct team


Question: another extremely normal screenshot
Answer: from cancelling or someone not joining or what


Question: Would have to be not joining, i disabled player cancel earlier since most of the reports from that first image were from cancelled matches
Answer: which image


Question: basically this but at least 50 times today
Answer: reports like this


Question: Was there a fix to this? https://discord.com/channels/505102060119916545/868549627652214794/1187256877466271774 Apparently its happening in zoomafia now
Answer: i do see an issue with cancel


Question: All good I'd much rather it be an easy fix than a impossible to find the problem type thing LOL
Answer: this if fixed, even if you have cancel disabled this needed to be fixed asap


Question: 50 matches were not played today, but why are we getting this warning?
Answer: Stats are reset when the bot posts on <#935731235790139422>


Question: Stats are reset when the bot posts on <#935731235790139422>
Answer: how can i do that?


Question: how can i do that?
Answer: You cant do anything, stats and games will reset when the bot posts in the channel


Question: You cant do anything, stats and games will reset when the bot posts in the channel
Answer: ah, understand ty


Question: how to rename my neatqueue
Answer: The bot? Just give it a nickname in your server


Question: The bot? Just give it a nickname in your server
Answer: i changed my discord id


Question: Yea same here
Answer: Still broken


Question: 
Answer: temporary?


Question: Need help with MMR. it doesnt seem to be registering. I have 3 que's named the same and when players play it still just states 1000.
Answer: you probs have the default starting mmr of 1000


Question: temporary?
Answer: First time ive seen it say that multiple times, it usually does it once and the next one is good to go. Happening to all queues i just only screenshotted that one


Question: Just unlocked queues to try again, same thing is happening
Answer: are there any channel pool channels?


Question: bet
Answer: hm i mean it shows 1498 channels in the last 24 hours so it should be alright


Question: is MMR all tied together. If i set each que to a 1000, and there are 4 ques with the same name does that mean they start with 4,000?
Answer: No, it doesnt add up like that, it will be the same 1000 mmr for every queue


Question: Every queue gets unexpected error in my new discord
Answer: Cosmic Mob?


Question: What happens if k have a startin mmr Que with 100 a Que with 500 another Que with 500 and a Que with 200. How does that work?
Answer: this all depends if your queues are sharing stats or not


Question: hello ! 🙂 is there a way to make it so that team captains are the 2 people with the highest mmr in the match?
Answer: `/captains selection`


Question: `/captains selection`
Answer: ty chandler ❤️


Question: Got ban for an hour 30 minutes go back and it says i still have 58 minutes to wait
Answer: /player unban


Question: <@576121913441779723>  why am i timed out for a week ?
Answer: Please dont bring up here, bans or issues with other servers.


Question: seems all web leaderboards werent loading
Answer: went to sleep last night, coudlnt reply, but yep, works. Thanks!


Question: hmm i guess queuing with 1 team doesn’t display right
Answer: Thanks very much for the update fix, the support you provide is insane and I appreciate it


Question: Is there a way to remove pre game voting menu?
Answer: which one are you talking about


Question: <@145305657237700608> when it ask for team select and MMR enable or disabled
Answer: /teamselection set


Question: <@648635725964902411> /team selection set disable ??
Answer: No, you need to select at least one teamselection method


Question: Oh okay it’s for a card game so it’s 1v1
Answer: do /teamselection set


Question: Also, the matches/{server_id} endpoint seems to be returning an empty list {}
Answer: Any update on this? 🙂


Question: How can I make it where the higher mmr you are the lower amounts you get
Answer: Its by default


Question: can i get unbanned?
Answer: If you got banned in a server, we cant do anything, this is just the support and bot server, to ask questions and know updates, not a server ban appeal


Question: hello, how can i creat a queue what command exactly shoud i use ?
Answer: do /setup


Question: hello, how do i make the queue so its only 8 people and not 16
Answer: Teamsize to 4


Question: Teamsize to 4
Answer: i have, it still says 16


Question: i have, it still says 16
Answer: Config code? /config save


Question: the bot stopped working while the drafting of teams, and i tried cancelling but it kept saying bot did not respond and now it says this, though the people playing still cannot queue again
Answer: try deleting the channel?


Question: try deleting the channel?
Answer: ok, the VCs disappeared so i think that worked thank you


Question: the matches/{server_id} endpoint seems to be returning an empty list {}


Any idea on if this is intended behaviour?
Answer: no it’s not intended, i’ll be able to push out an update tomorrow for it


Question: no it’s not intended, i’ll be able to push out an update tomorrow for it
Answer: Alr, thanks. Sorry for the repeated msgs, was working on something and its the only missing part. Take your time!


Question: How can I make the queue visible for the entire server?
Answer: Wdym?


Question: Queue is visible for anyone unless you changed channel perms
Answer: I didn't change anything, but when the queue is full, it opens a new channel for selections, I want to make that channel visible to all server


Question: /channel restrictions
Answer: ah okey that's what i meant thanks.


Question: Merry Christmas folks, Just added the bot to my server, is there an option on this for a series queue. ie best of 3 best of 5's etc etc
Answer: /bestof


Question: /bestof
Answer: just seen that, Thanks


Question: Merry Christmas, Just a question about captains, I have Vote for captains and before you would be able to vote for all 8 players to be captain, now it just chooses 3 random people. anyone know why it did that?
Answer: did you add a captain role? otherwise maybe changed the captain selection mode


Question: How to copy a queue from 1 channel to another
Answer: use /config save and /config load


Question: Any way to reset neat que role settings back to default
Answer: if it’s a new thing popping up, you probably changed a category permission or something


Question: <@145305657237700608> <@648635725964902411> 

Can we lock the voice channels for the people who join that particular queue? Instead of people being able to go in the voice channel whenever they want?
Answer: You mean locking the channel only for people that joined the queue?


Question: You mean locking the channel only for people that joined the queue?
Answer: Yes please


Question: Yes
Answer: thank you


Question: <@648635725964902411> still let people join the call
Answer: Was that guy in the running queue?


Question: win 1.6 lose 1.3
Answer: i can change it to allow decimals


Question: Can i do a ban hero and a select hero?
Answer: no hero selection, but check out /hero


Question: the matches/{server_id} endpoint seems to be returning an empty list {}


Any idea on if this is intended behaviour?
Answer: will be fixed tomorrow morning


Question: Is there any way to delete configs and queues? All i see is load, list and save. Im setting up bot with obvious trial and error.
Answer: You can end queues with /endqueue, but you cant delete configs


Question: You can end queues with /endqueue, but you cant delete configs
Answer: ok noted also when i create a queue with said config name or queue name all i see popping up is playerstats, does the queue need to be ran a few times to register stats, leaderboards etc


Question: ok noted also when i create a queue with said config name or queue name all i see popping up is playerstats, does the queue need to be ran a few times to register stats, leaderboards etc
Answer: Wdym all u see popping up is player stats?


Question: Wdym all u see popping up is player stats?
Answer: like ill make a chat thats setups the queue then ill make another chat with stats, leaderboards and results and ill try to link queue and the only thing popping up is player stats for the queue name and thats not what the queue name is..


Question: i mean i have my own but the queue name isnt saving to share leaderboards
Answer: U did /link, and then /leadearboard?


Question: figured it out the bot had the queue named glitched to player_stats, i selected one of and it brought up my correct queue name
Answer: you might have selected server wide stats


Question: to play arena mode in league of legends, or do i need to create team and then get into queue ?, cuz i want to be all random
Answer: /numberofteams


Question: i need an admin
Answer: This is not a server for ban appeal, this is just the server about the bot and support


Question: Okay so just make sure new Que has same name as existing Que correct?
Answer: Yep, like that, it will share the stats


Question: I’ll look np, <@648635725964902411> also is there a way to make the leaderboards pop specifically on the first of the month? Also I think it’s possible to make a role specific leaderboard that encompasses all the queues or at least a particular queue in the discord but only shows the people with that role)
Answer: Wdym pop on the first of the month


Question: Reset <@648635725964902411>
Answer: Yeah, `/leaderboardconfig monthly`, just make sure u put it on 1st january so it will reset, if u do it right now it will count as if the month started today


Question: It’s 30 days?
Answer: I guess so


Question: Also anyway to do what I outlined above regarding a separate leaderboard for roles only in a particular queue
Answer: He used probably autoroles to do that


Question: Or does it change per the month?
Answer: new month


Question: I paid them over the course of that last 4 days didn’t expect server to get so big so fast
Answer: i’m not following


Question: Hello again! I am wondering how I can make a separate leaderboard for another channel in the server (one channel being 3v3 and another being 2v2). I created the leaderboard and somehow synced up to each other.
Answer: Did u activate serverwide leadearboard?


Question: Also if u name the queues the same, the stats will share, so the queue of 3s and 2s will have the same lb
Answer: I don't think I have it set to serverwide leaderboard


Question: <@648635725964902411> <@145305657237700608> 

I have a little issue on my server. People are able to join other voice channels without being on the queue. Also, both teams can jump on each others voice channels. IS anyway i can stop this? I want to stop people to be able to join the voice channels if they are not in the queue please. And yes i have use the command /channel restrictions in the queue channel and turned ENABLE. But they still able to join the vocie channels.
Answer: If the restructions are enabled and they still can join, thats related to your role perms or some permissions


Question: How did u config the mmr ranges?
Answer: heres 1 for example. Set myself at 10 mmr and it didnt give me the role


Question: www.neatqueue.com Login and then go to dashboard
Answer: https://tenor.com/view/my-man-steve-harvey-point-hehe-gif-19918997


Question: Quick question any1 know how to display the elo next to names, or is that not possible
Answer: https://docs.neatqueue.com/#/?id=show-mmr-in-name


Question: Hi i need help. we ran a queue and it started with all 10 people but the (who are the winners) page didnt show up. the players queue wont force stop and its saying we already canceled the match. its not canceled
Answer: <@648635725964902411>


Question: Hi i need help. we ran a queue and it started with all 10 people but the (who are the winners) page didnt show up. the players queue wont force stop and its saying we already canceled the match. its not canceled
Answer: did any error pop up?


Question: Players that played that game can't requeue either
Answer: you can just delete that channel


Question: Is there a way to override having to join a voice channel etc for the match to start
Answer: `/voicechannels mode`


Question: Hi there, we have tried giving the bot literally every single permission and it still comes up with this.
Answer: Did u gave the bot a custom role?


Question: 
Answer: Is your category private?


Question: and has manage channels perm
Answer: And what about the other perms?


Question: another quick question. how does the mvp per match work? And can I integrate it to add extra mmr for it?
Answer: nvm figured this out


Question: If i start another que under the same name does it reset the mmr? last night i thought it was explained that is how we keep the mmr going under another que i did /startque in another chanel
Answer: No, now the queues will share stats


Question: <@648635725964902411> queue is down?
Answer: <#992610856904957992>


Question: <@648635725964902411> I will try creating a new category from scratch for the bot to see if that helps
Answer: An easy fix is jut giving the bot admin perms


Question: An easy fix is jut giving the bot admin perms
Answer: Ah yes I don't think we tried that


Question: I apologize im not used to this situation
Answer: These days the bot has been going through issues, so it goes down sometimes out of nowhere


Question: Anyway to refresh the que? like delete the message and refresh it?
Answer: What message?


Question: when i /startqueue this is all im getting in one of my servers. i dont understand why. it works just find in any other server. Fix?
Answer: bot is missing perms to send messages


Question: is there a list of the perms it need somewhere
Answer: you can see the required perms when inviting the bot


Question: one last question i promise how do i get rid of the role selects again
Answer: do /roles


Question: How do I set up the bot in the discord
Answer: Just invite the bot


Question: I have it set to go up 10 mmr per win but on the leaderboards it shows it goes up by 33
Answer: Did u set static to true?


Question: Hey guys quick Question on monthly leaderboards. I want to have monthly ones but still have the all-time data. When doing the setting is it enable monthly and enable rolling?
Answer: Yes, check the other parameters


Question: new here wanted to buy the bot via premium and get some support with adding it to my discord. Id be happy to pay $50 bucks for 45mins approx time to set it up in my server if admin would like to assist. hope this is allowed/ thanks
Answer: What are u struggling with to set it up?


Question: Im trying to have an elo 8's setup for 1v1, 2v2, 3v3 and 4v4 search and destroy. Trying to have the correct maps setup, have the captains option for the 2 teams, have correct maps in the map pool, have a ban map vote and also a vote for teams to choose the map they would like. Pretty much a CDL snd 8s. Ill try the walkthrough and if I cant figure it out ill come back.
Answer: for the most part you can just do /setup. you can add maps with /map, you can change how teams and captains are selected via /teamselection and /captainselection


Question: Hi, so we gave the bot admin perms and it seems to be working now, however after using /test and testing the queue, me and my friends got this. Is this normal for testing, or is there something wrong?
Answer: Did u join the voicechannel?


Question: Did u join the voicechannel?
Answer: No, but it was like immediate. It banned us seconds after creating the channel


Question: No, but it was like immediate. It banned us seconds after creating the channel
Answer: Yes, /test reduce timers


Question: Yes, /test reduce timers
Answer: Do `/player unban`


Question: Yes, /test reduce timers
Answer: Oooooh I see, thank you


Question: It just does not work unless we give it admin. It has manage channels perms and everything else, can see the relevant categories, but it will make a channel names #queue-13 or whatever and then throw the message that it doesn't have manage channels perms. We've only manage to get it working when it is Admin
Answer: Yeah theres no problem of making the bot admin


Question: yeah theyre all under neatqueue under roles. Was working yesterday and ive changed nothing and now its not
Answer: no updates with /autoroles refresh ?


Question: maybe the bot went down when your last match ended or something?
Answer: definitely possible


Question: Ok will keep an eye on that thanks. Also another question I had when I do / stats it only seems to be showing the last 24 hours worth is there a way for it to show all time?
Answer: It will show the last 8 one, dont really think theres a way to display all time games, i might be wrong


Question: could use a stats redesign
Answer: where would I find that?


Question: can someone show me how to do the queue
Answer: Check channel topic


Question: i added the bot and paid for premiume but these comannds aint popping up/prompting?
Answer: If u do `/` it will pop up the commands


Question: i bought 30 credit and only gave me 28.6 credit ??
Answer: dm me with the payments, it looks correct to me


Question: <@648635725964902411> <@145305657237700608> 

Any chance to keep a log of the queue's/chat channel?
Answer: https://discord.com/channels/505102060119916545/910981294937210930/1184542238039097384


Question: Why is the MMR so much for a game? i set it to 20? thanks
Answer: Did u set the static to true?


Question: Is there a big difference between the normal and the premium NeatQueue?  I'm looking to implement something similar to BPL CoD 8s.
Answer: Premium plans are for more capability of players, games, queues, and some premium features


Question: yep
Answer: gotcha, ill see if that works, i have ran the same commands multiple times, and the admin pieced stayed in the main queue channel


Question: yep
Answer: it did not work, it still stayed in the queue channel


Question: you can use it to enable / disable buttons in that message
Answer: Ah okay, I tried selecting it and it's just been loading. Is there a way to cancel and try again or is there a reason why it's not going through?


Question: 
Answer: alwasy check <#992610856904957992> first


Question: These don't go away as well 🤔
Answer: if you open the channel, does it actually load?


Question: Is there a way to make a “role specific” leaderboard within a queue?
Answer: you can do /rolerequirement


Question: Is there a way to make a ongoing leaderboard but make weekly MMR resets like the monthly reset??
Answer: no there’s not


Question: yea, there won’t be an easy way to just flip back to old stats on the leaderboard
Answer: Do you maybe know why


Question: Even if u refresh the neatq page
Answer: any tips?


Question: yea, there won’t be an easy way to just flip back to old stats on the leaderboard
Answer: You here to assist


Question: The red X means you dont have a plan bought
Answer: okay but why did it turn green and say i had 27 credits left


Question: okay but why did it turn green and say i had 27 credits left
Answer: Oh wait, how many servers do you own? Or how many servers appear in your dashboard?


Question: Just shoots me back
Answer: wdym


Question: default timezone is eastern
Answer: what does that mean


Question: Okay, so what should i do
Answer: what server


Question: what server
Answer: Meta masters


Question: have you tried logging out and back in?
Answer: ill try


Question: have you tried logging out and back in?
Answer: Didnt work


Question: i tried buying again
Answer: you are probably getting charged each time


Question: i’ll refund them now, i can’t investigate further until tomorrow
Answer: what lmao,, no email nothing lol


Question: Is there a way to have the queue select operator roles from a list?
Answer: Wdym?


Question: yeah, for example the players after the map bans/picks, they choose operator from a list we create?
Answer: But the operator is just one for the overall game? Or do you mean each player will select an operator


Question: i made 2 payments on 2 different cards and the credits arent reflecing on my account is there any way i can check if the payment went through
Answer: don’t make any more payments, seems there is an issue with the website displaying credits


Question: 2 of each role, is there any way to have it as an optional choice?
Answer: In /roles you have the optional option


Question: In /roles you have the optional option
Answer: yes but it update the size of the queue for the ammount of roles


Question: shoulda have 66
Answer: yea i’ll take a look tomorrow and see


Question: okay, leave me 30 credits
Answer: if you need the credits, you can try using them as well


Question: if you need the credits, you can try using them as well
Answer: where can i go with help with setup for tomorrow?


Question: Just setup the bot in my server. Members who joined the queue from PC complained they couldn't use activity to talk, it automatically set them to push to talk.
Answer: How?


Question: where can i go with help with setup for tomorrow?
Answer: what setup?


Question: unless you mean the priority speaker perm
Answer: Ah ye


Question: what setup?
Answer: For the queue bot. is there a video i can follow


Question: For the queue bot. is there a video i can follow
Answer: Check channel topic


Question: Check channel topic
Answer: Link me the channel, i dont see it


Question: Link me the channel, i dont see it
Answer: Are u on phone


Question: How do I get map picks to work? I added the maps and modes. I added voting, and I added bans. But every time I start a Que it never shows the map selecting part just jumps straight to who won and who’s lost selection.
Answer: Does it show the Map that was selected in the match details that it shows


Question: Does it show the Map that was selected in the match details that it shows
Answer: Is that once the match is finished it shows the details?


Question: This is all I see after a match
Answer: Its not after the match


Question: it just asked me to name it
Answer: Just click enter it will make a random one


Question: GIERR
Answer: Yeah i dont see any maps


Question: <@145305657237700608> How do i reset the MMR for everyone?
Answer: `/managestats reset all`


Question: Also Neatz the leaderboard role requirement didn't work 🤔
Answer: you might have more role requirements


Question: Hi, how to make the voice channels that are created, displayed at the bottom of the discord instead of in the category?
Answer: U cant


Question: Well, theres an option that it creates a new category each game, that will make it always go bottom, but its better to set a category where the chsnnels should be created
Answer: how can i set the category for the voice channels to go in to?


Question: how do you make the bot aautomatically pick teams baased on the most baalanced possible teams
Answer: change your /teamselection


Question: Is it possible to transfer leaderboard stats from one server to the next?
Answer: i can manually do it


Question: Also I changed it on the leaderboard page. And it affected the actual queue as well
Answer: yea cuz it’s linked


Question: Even if it's within a specific queue
Answer: And that specific queue allows more than just that role


Question: How do you configure the bot to where can select more then 1 map (Bo3)?
Answer: `/bestof`


Question: We kept getting rate limit issues not sure if this is because of how many games are being played but we paid for the unlimited
Answer: which message are you seeing?


Question: That’s the same message I was seeing earlier I think it was because bot was down
Answer: that message just kinda happens sometimes


Question: Okay sounds good
Answer: yea there is a different message if you run out of games


Question: Is there any other way the que would just not piar them if they are higher mmr or do i gotta create roles for this to be done
Answer: No, it doesnt matter, higher mmr will match higher


Question: is there a way to make que bigger?
Answer: ` /teamsize`


Question: hi how can i pop the names in the matchmaking queue not the full team
Answer: `/anonymousqueue`


Question: Question, Is there a way to see the individual growth of specific people month to month? There own progression?
Answer: Theres a progress graph in `/stats`, but theres no another way to visualize the growth


Question: <@145305657237700608> The matches/server_id endpoint still returns an empty list 😦

Any ETA?
Answer: hm im seeing data from that endpoint


Question: hm im seeing data from that endpoint
Answer: Do we not get data if mmr stats were reset? 

I tried before resetting as well, lemme simulate a game and check again and let you know.


Question: hey how can iadd neat que to my discord
Answer: https://top.gg/bot/857633321064595466


Question: and is there any way to alter MMR changes other than make it static?
Answer: https://docs.neatqueue.com/#/?id=mmr-change


Question: hey. how is MMR change calculated? any reason there is such difference in numbers?
Answer: depends on player mmr, team mmr, enemy team mmr, placement match multipliers, and streak multipliers


Question: <@145305657237700608> Hey, how can i make it so it dms me after the match is complete the results and current elo, i want to make 1 person reporting but its a pain to see if the other person reported correctly, anyway to make turn dms on for after match reports
Answer: Theres no option for that


Question: Theres no option for that
Answer: When i have it on 1 person reports what a good solution for no knowing what was reported?


Question: When i have it on 1 person reports what a good solution for no knowing what was reported?
Answer: Hmm what do you mean?


Question: Im pretty sure the que channel just deletes
Answer: In the queue channel, it sends the result


Question: Do i have to turn that on or something
Answer: It should be enabled by default


Question: Did u turn off the vote for everyone and just the staff can report the match?
Answer: What do you mean?


Question: <@648635725964902411> i have a question, how can i put the settings to where people gain more elo than they lose?
Answer: `/mmr change set`


Question: `/mmr change set`
Answer: okay, so here i would make the 1st one 50 and the 2nd one lets say 40?


Question: Yea
Answer: Is it possible to have the same queue in 2 different discords?


Question: Is it possible to have the same queue in 2 different discords?
Answer: `/config save` and `/config load`


Question: But these obv wont share nothing, since its different servers
Answer: ah okay


Question: no thats not supported
Answer: Well, that would be a pretty impressive support lol


Question: it would be cool, but unfortunately would involve a large amount of work
Answer: For the Voice Channels what does after teams created do?


Question: For the Voice Channels what does after teams created do?
Answer: thats the default option where the team voice channels are created after the teams are made


Question: In Game counter showing 384 people when there are literally 8 people in one queue 😂
Answer: yea its definitely messed up, i can see some old games still being used in counting


Question: We have autoroles set, and that's working great.  The first photo attached is an example showing the division a player has been placed in.
One issue that we're having is that when the bot updates their role, it changes their nicknames back to their Discord name instead of keeping the nickname.
Is there a setting that has accidentally been turned on or missed, or is this the default?
I appreciate it!
Answer: autoroles doesn't change nicknames, the only time that happens would be from `/ratinginname` i believe


Question: autoroles doesn't change nicknames, the only time that happens would be from `/ratinginname` i believe
Answer: Thanks for the feedback!


Question: yea its definitely messed up, i can see some old games still being used in counting
Answer: I would have thought the full reset on the 1st would fix it but I guess not


Question: Hi, if i change the queue name, will the previous stats be lost?
Answer: New queue wont have the stats


Question: `/channel restrictions`
Answer: Thanks


Question: <@648635725964902411> whats the max amount of games that can run at the same time?
Answer: Unlimited by the bot part, by discord part you can have only 500 channels


Question: just make the mod role a staff role via the bot
Answer: Awesome. So looking like this should be good?


Question: Awesome. So looking like this should be good?
Answer: yup thats it


Question: Is there any way to bypass the **ADMIN ONLY** for some of the commands? We would like to give our mods the ability to fix MMR if the need ever arises, but we don't want to make them admins.
Answer: `/staffrole add`


Question: `/channel restrictions`
Answer: I have done /channel restrictions and people are able to join the channel


Question: I have done /channel restrictions and people are able to join the channel
Answer: I see the channel lock


Question: I see the channel lock
Answer: Thats what i thought


Question: is there a way to not allow a certain role not to play?
Answer: `/bannedroles add `


Question: <@648635725964902411>
Answer: Do you have staffrole or spec role


Question: hello, how do i add mmr?
Answer: manually with `/add mmr` or `/set mmr`


Question: How can i reset everyones mmr
Answer: `/managestats reset mmr`


Question: so i have a few questions.

1. how do i have the bot auto move players when queue is full to the queue VC and then separate team VCs once voting is done?

2. How do I let the chosen captains draft their players

3. How do I for CoD allow captains to vote on maps foR THe series? (I've alreaded added maps and game modes)

4. How can i add an MMR leaderboard in a text channel?

5. Is there any way to test all of this out when im done editing everything without needing more than myself?
Answer: `/lobby channel set`, `/teamselection`, `/map voting`, `/leadearboard` and `/test`


Question: hey <@145305657237700608> not sure why we getting this
Answer: Did u check if it ran out of premium


Question: If the bot is giving everyone a long ban when the quota isn't met, how do I change the duration?
Answer: `/player autoban`


Question: Would that not then affect every BPL server
Answer: If they bought if different days, no


Question: Premium is not global
Answer: Thanks guys he sorted it out I thought premium was global <:PeepoHeart:1171269076971180042>


Question: let me see if i can speed it up
Answer: it no work plz fix


Question: Do you have staffrole or spec role
Answer: No. But people still go in the vocie channel of the queues


Question: whats the channel ID?
Answer: 1181361078777675876


Question: so you have a staff role, which is why there is no channel lock
Answer: So you suggest to remove staff role?


Question: So you suggest to remove staff role?
Answer: you dont need to


Question: no thats not supported
Answer: Sent you a dm


Question: after captains are selected, how do i force game modes during voting? So like first vote should be hard point map then snd map and then control map, but the first vote that popped up was “vote the gamemode” so how do i force input game modes to be auto chosen
Answer: `/gamemode selection gamemode_choice:Ordered`


Question: `/gamemode selection gamemode_choice:Ordered`
Answer: says application did not respond


Question: says application did not respond
Answer: seems there is a bug


Question: seems there is a bug
Answer: got it thanks. one map was missing a mode


Question: Can it boot out people in the queue that's currently maybe 4/8 if the lobby that was just canceled was a 7/8 for example
Answer: currently cancelling a match gives no priority or auto requeue


Question: if i have the average gain mmr at 50 for winners and average lost mmr for losers also at 50, does it stick 50 24/7 or will it change depending on players mmr that you beat or lost to?
Answer: it will be dynamic by default


Question: whats the command to give a role admin perms
Answer: `/staffrole`


Question: How do i take the voting out in queue results? i dont want the results popping up until after the winner is voted
Answer: wdym? the winner has to be selected before it can be shown


Question: Is it possible to disable MMR and just have games/wins/losses?
Answer: you can set the `/mmr change set` to 0


Question: you can set the `/mmr change set` to 0
Answer: Thank you


Question: Hey guys! so I'm organizing a tournament and need to report set outcomes to the bot. Previously, I used a different app and now want to know the best way to input wins for each player per set so I can use the stats for leaderboard and other slash commands. Is there an active slash command for reporting sets? Like something similar to "/gamereport Player1 1 - 0 Player2"?
Answer: every match is either a win or loss, theres no way to report results more accurately


Question: wdym? the winner has to be selected before it can be shown
Answer: once teams were formed it pops up in queue results and can also select winner from there.


Question: every match is either a win or loss, theres no way to report results more accurately
Answer: word! thank you

also I currently have two active queues, but when I use "/stats," it only shows results from one queue instead of displaying the combined win/loss stats from both queues (2/2). Is there a way to manually configure this to show the combined stats for both queues?


Question: word! thank you

also I currently have two active queues, but when I use "/stats," it only shows results from one queue instead of displaying the combined win/loss stats from both queues (2/2). Is there a way to manually configure this to show the combined stats for both queues?
Answer: if the two active queues dont have the same name it wont share stats between them


Question: word! thank you

also I currently have two active queues, but when I use "/stats," it only shows results from one queue instead of displaying the combined win/loss stats from both queues (2/2). Is there a way to manually configure this to show the combined stats for both queues?
Answer: https://discord.com/channels/505102060119916545/910981294937210930/1180776067158511706 see this post which explains how stats are linked together


Question: Sorry for another question but I've looked through the documentation and I couldn't seem to find an answer. - Is it possible to manually edit the stats of players so I can implement previous stats that were tracked elsewhere?
Answer: do `/add` n youll see the options


Question: There's probably a bunch of posts that i cant find about this but is there a certain authorization level in a server i need to be to run /setup? i just get `Starting Queue Setup!` as a mod and doesnt show up the setup commands as expected
Answer: make sure the bot has perms to send messages in that channel


Question: make sure the bot has perms to send messages in that channel
Answer: no dice 😦 we gave permissions and not working still, unless i should be assigning the bot itself permissions and not a role it has


Question: <@648635725964902411> Can I ask what hero's are used for? There is a command to add heroes, ban heroes etc. What does that do?
Answer: it’s for adding hero bans


Question: it’s for adding hero bans
Answer: Okay 🙂 Thank you! I am trying to set up that the player chooses the deck they are going to play before they enter que. Is this possible?


Question: Okay 🙂 Thank you! I am trying to set up that the player chooses the deck they are going to play before they enter que. Is this possible?
Answer: no there’s no functionality like that


Question: at least not right now, im thinking of a way to add custom steps before entering queue though
Answer: That would be awesome! It would be kool if they could choose their deck they are playing and then that stat is shown in their stats. So they can see they have an 80% win rate for x deck and 55% win rate with y deck etc.


Question: https://discord.com/channels/505102060119916545/910981294937210930/1180776067158511706 see this post which explains how stats are linked together
Answer: thank you! very helpful


Question: also... is there a way to remove the cooldown for mods trying to view stats w/ /stats
Answer: unfortunately not, it’s one of the more intensive things the bot has to deal with


Question: Hi, I was testing out features on a private discord and voted for the server with my own account to unlock leaderboards and such, and now I have switched over to the main discord. Since there is a 12 hr restriction in voting for my account, I had someone else in the discord vote for NeatQueue on top.gg to unlock the leaderboard system but for some reason it's still locked and I am unable to use the feature. Any advice?
Answer: i can manually override one  sec


Question: i can manually override one  sec
Answer: Yeah, I just tested it now, the restriction is lifted - thank you


Question: yea i think simply changing to only decay players who are visible on the leaderboard should be fine
Answer: hey, it's been a while, just checking in to see if this was implemented. didn't see anything about it in <#954499196629692486> or <#910981294937210930> so thought I'd check in


Question: it’s for adding hero bans
Answer: Are you able to make this so players, once the queue has started, can choose the hero they want to play with from a list?


Question: hey, it's been a while, just checking in to see if this was implemented. didn't see anything about it in <#954499196629692486> or <#910981294937210930> so thought I'd check in
Answer: yup should be good


Question: you can set the `/mmr change set` to 0
Answer: How can i reset the player stats in the queue without reseting the queue itself?


Question: How can i reset the player stats in the queue without reseting the queue itself?
Answer: `/managestats reset`


Question: `/managestats reset`
Answer: Thanks


Question: `/managestats reset`
Answer: ```/managestats reset all?```


Question: ```/managestats reset all?```
Answer: Yes that command


Question: yea, that's true, but if any issues come up, it's useful to have the chat still available for mods
Answer: check out https://discord.com/channels/505102060119916545/910981294937210930/1184542238039097384


Question: hey guys quick question. im in test mode rn, but every time join queue, i am pinged twice opposed to just once. any insight on how i can change this?
Answer: its pings all the players


Question: its pings all the players
Answer: no i get that, the pic above is a 1v1 queue, and I figured I would only be pinged twice opposed to 4 times since I am the only one in there


Question: r u sure its 1v1
Answer: yea im pretty sure


Question: but you cant change to ping once in test mode basically
Answer: word i just want it so it pings once per player


Question: yea im pretty sure
Answer: maybe you have this enabled? `/misc mention teamscreated toggle:`


Question: maybe you have this enabled? `/misc mention teamscreated toggle:`
Answer: this was it!


Question: i used it
Answer: did you have premium active?


Question: the queue enter vc channel keeps generating additional (2-3) vcs to join to determine if anyone is "inactive"
Answer: could you screenshot or take a video to explain?


Question: 
Answer: i guess it’s bugged when you don’t have tempchannels enabled


Question: i accidentally deleted a queue can i somehow bring that queue back or do i have to go throught the setup process again
Answer: `/config list ` and `/config load`


Question: as the admin, and finish the queue
Answer: `/outcome`


Question: 
Answer: Its discord bugs


Question: Hello, how do you reset the leaderboard?
Answer: `/managestats reset`


Question: I want to disable the option to Enable/Disable MMR.
Answer: /mmr change allow_disable


Question: /mmr change allow_disable
Answer: Thank you


Question: How about disable the team selection type?
Answer: wdym?


Question: how do I make the bot know it’s a best of 3 and it picks 3 maps not just one
Answer: `/bestof`


Question: Why is /cancel not working? thanks
Answer: thats not how a command is used in discord


Question: <@145305657237700608> Hey, if a players elo keeps reseting what can i do?
Answer: when is it resetting?


Question: is there a way i can make the bot automatically sub someone from the queue if the queue is missing someone that didnt join the created channel
Answer: https://discord.com/channels/505102060119916545/910981294937210930/1192708630118670448


Question: thats not how a command is used in discord
Answer: ah okay so how do i make it so players can have option to cancel match? thanks


Question: Where's the premium option for the bot? I don't see it on the website
Answer: Log in the website


Question: ah okay so how do i make it so players can have option to cancel match? thanks
Answer: the command is /cancel, but use it as a discord command


Question: 
Answer: i’m testing with your config and not seeing the same issue


Question: it doesnt look like the mmr range is working
Answer: are you in matchmaking mode?


Question: no way to only have a certain level play with a certain level?
Answer: no, in PUGs, a match starts when it fills up


Question: also matchmaking does that carry over if i change the queue type from one to another
Answer: stats? yes they carry over


Question: how do i change the inactive timer for when queue pings a full queue? its set to 5 and i want to make it shorter
Answer: `/lobbychannel timer`


Question: is there anyway of getting it too not join the voice chat too start selecting teams
Answer: `/voicechannels mode` optional or disabled


Question: question. I want to manually input wins & losses for a side tournament into the bot. How will manually inputting wins/losses affect whr?
Answer: `/add win` or `/add loss`


Question: `/add win` or `/add loss`
Answer: No I understand the commands. Will using / add affect whr, or will it just add a win to stats, or both


Question: No I understand the commands. Will using / add affect whr, or will it just add a win to stats, or both
Answer: It will just add the win


Question: You can set a /staffchannel where you can manage who won and revert or cancel, or you can also make the voting only available for staff, so u just would select it on the staff channel
Answer: ok I gotchu. I have the /staff channel set up. Is there a way to manually change whr w/ a win or loss. Cause /win or /loss won’t affect whr rank for leaderboard?


Question: ok I gotchu. I have the /staff channel set up. Is there a way to manually change whr w/ a win or loss. Cause /win or /loss won’t affect whr rank for leaderboard?
Answer: Uh the only way is to revert, using the staff channel, or manually removing the mmr and the win


Question: Uh the only way is to revert, using the staff channel, or manually removing the mmr and the win
Answer: I wish there was more of a “/report” option where players could report win/loss against other players & affect whr, cause the staff channel only has control over games in-queue, not games that happen out of queue. Would be nice to just report a game in staff channel & have the results have a direct effect on whr


Question: I wish there was more of a “/report” option where players could report win/loss against other players & affect whr, cause the staff channel only has control over games in-queue, not games that happen out of queue. Would be nice to just report a game in staff channel & have the results have a direct effect on whr
Answer: Staffchannel has control over any game


Question: Staffchannel has control over any game
Answer: But staffchannel can’t help me with games I want to report myself, separate from queue, but I want stats from my side tourney included in queue


Question: But staffchannel can’t help me with games I want to report myself, separate from queue, but I want stats from my side tourney included in queue
Answer: Oh ic ic


Question: gotcha
Answer: Yea honestly I’d love this feature almost as much as the queue itself because it provides a lot of flexibility for the user, and my /add win won’t have any impact on the leaderboard rankings :/ cause whr is unaffected


Question: you would have to add MMR as well
Answer: ok ok gotcha i wish the bot just did this for me 😂  but its doable manually forsure


Question: I believe there's 3 queues going on in my server right now, only one of which is actually used. How do I see how many queues there technically are and what their names are?
Answer: `/serverstats info`


Question: `/serverstats info`
Answer: I've got these three then I think, but those "matches" is definitely not correct as there is someone with 60+ games


Question: whats the server ID?
Answer: 1153294922552717404


Question: or rename your queue and check the LB
Answer: how do i rename it


Question: the /add commands are more for low level fixing stuff, not for simulating an entire match
Answer: the ability to sim an entire match would be perfect lmaooo need the whr to be pinpoint


Question: not currently
Answer: Can that be added?


Question: Can that be added?
Answer: It currently adds them to the next queue right?


Question: Any way on this update to make it where matchmaking Range works in PUGs individual queue as well? Just enable and or disable it.
Answer: no, that wouldnt really make sense


Question: I've done some noting of the old one and just want to wipe the slate clean without having to re set-up all my configurations
Answer: `/managestats reset`


Question: Now, all the points are the same, and I can't figure out how to change it back to the way it was. Sunday brain is down bad.
Answer: you have `static: true` in /mmr change set


Question: you have `static: true` in /mmr change set
Answer: That's it! Thank you


Question: yo how do i delete the "leave queue" button?
Answer: you cant


Question: you cant
Answer: `can i put a timer on it?


Question: NeatZ, i think one of my issues was when the match concluded, we returned all players to previous channel, which was the queue vc, then a person would leave and would start the iterations of channels. 

probably the same issue when someone clicks “leave queue” but is still in the channel, duh. i’ll create it again and see if anything comes up. i’ll see if i can mess with commands to resolve before putting it here

thx again
Answer: is your lobby channel the queue channel?


Question: is your lobby channel the queue channel?
Answer: for this i just diasbled return all to previous channel and made the before/after to my General VC


Question: for this i just diasbled return all to previous channel and made the before/after to my General VC
Answer: yea i guess if it returns everyone into the lobby channel, that would make them join queue as well


Question: Hey guys last question for a while. so I have 2 active queues named the same thing, but when players enter the two queues, it shows that two sets of mmr are being recorded. how do i ensure all stats go to the same leaderboard?
Answer: Stats will be the same in both queues


Question: same name for Q but different stats
Answer: any updates on this btw? no rush but any help would be great


Question: 
Answer: We still need help to figure this out! Is this because we have more than 2 q sync together? it is working for our '' 1v1 '' and '' 2v2 '' q but since we add another separate one for ''tournament only'', it doesn't sync with the same leaderboard even if we did what's needed! (only difference from the 2 others q is that it's bo5 instead of bo3


Question: So the stats are not sharing, but you want them to?
Answer: yes exactly this


Question: So the stats are not sharing, but you want them to?
Answer: yes! work for 2/3 of them


Question: yes! work for 2/3 of them
Answer: if you check your `/info`, it will show what the stats name is


Question: if you check your `/info`, it will show what the stats name is
Answer: they have the same stats name


Question: I need help with the MMR range how do I make super static
Answer: wdym


Question: what are the channel IDs?
Answer: 1v1 Queue Channel ID: 1175593288540110928
Tournament Queue Channel ID: 1193588928029130853


Question: alright so if i were set all 3 queues as rollover, that should resolve it as well since all 3 queues are the same?
Answer: sure, if all the queues are monthly thatll work


Question: sure, if all the queues are monthly thatll work
Answer: awesome thanks for your help bro 🤝 <a:cheers:1058073497995321344> seriously appreciate it


Question: Is there image dimensions we need to follow or?
Answer: no, but it needs to be a direct image link


Question: Hi, does /register for valorant currently work for APAC accounts?
Answer: seems like no, the API its using is checking NA and EU


Question: <@857633321064595466> hey my queue got hit my wick and put in quarintine, now i took it out its not working
Answer: That command does not exist!


Question: 
Answer: Check channel perms probably


Question: me im 20
Answer: u are 11 MMR?


Question: anyway to make it where ppl who are in queue currently playing cant join a new queue?
Answer: Do you have more than 1 queue?


Question: Are you able to make a queue just playeable for specific role. Since we have a open role which everyone has and then Advanced but the advanced players are always able to see and play in the open-queue
Answer: You can do that just by setting the discord permissions of the category or channel the advanced queue is in so that you have to have advanced perms to be able to see it.


Question: Are you able to make a queue just playeable for specific role. Since we have a open role which everyone has and then Advanced but the advanced players are always able to see and play in the open-queue
Answer: /rolerequirement add, youll have to remove `everyone` role first with /rolerequirement remove


Question: Hello I have one issue, why can people all of the sudden join the VC from the queues, how can I close them again for only the teams
Answer: What commands have you ran on the queue recently?


Question: Hello I have one issue, why can people all of the sudden join the VC from the queues, how can I close them again for only the teams
Answer: weve got the same issues


Question: <@279004976263725067>
Answer: Sounds like bot issue then rather than config per server


Question: Sounds like bot issue then rather than config per server
Answer: its not like it in TGL


Question: its not like it in TGL
Answer: damn if i could see your channel perms, if it was a discord set up issue i could probably help there.


Question: damn if i could see your channel perms, if it was a discord set up issue i could probably help there.
Answer: jump in a vc ill show you


Question: <@712719326385537035> hes in the Support VC here
Answer: come in


Question: Hey, why do these keep getting created?
Answer: Discord has a limit to how many channels can be created in a day, this was a change that was put in place to stop reaching the channel creation limit as it re-used already created channels when it could, hence why you see reserved.

I do question why you are still seeing this though as i think another change has been made since where i now no longer see these channels, yet you still do.


Question: Hey guys, is there anyway to change the cool down when checking personal stats via the bot? Or is it set by default
Answer: No, thats not possible to change


Question: Hello! How do you make the bot post all the results in a channel/
Answer: `/resultschannel`


Question: Thank you! I was supposed to link it first. that's why.

Can I ask you one more thing? When you queue? How do I disable the team? When players queue, they have to vote for "balanced" first and I want to take it out so they can go jump into the match immediately since the game we're covering is just 1v1
Answer: /teamselection set


Question: I'm very sorry but I have to ask one more. I saw a server that uses the bot and it showed the players stats on a channel. I tried using /stats but it only allows me to check one player at a time and it's an admin access. I'm not sure how to do that on a channel
Answer: You have a 300 seconds delay per /stats use


Question: figured out elo in names but can't get members
Answer: Wdym


Question: Trying to assing member a role based on elo score, and have it change when the go up/down in scoire
Answer: How do you have ur /autoroles?


Question: <@145305657237700608> Is it possible to get the whole history of matches from the server via API?
Answer: I would say yeah


Question: I would say yeah
Answer: i checked api documentation and didnt find it. One way is use player stats, because you can check match numbers in this post method


Question: i checked api documentation and didnt find it. One way is use player stats, because you can check match numbers in this post method
Answer: /api/history, should give u everything


Question: i checked api documentation and didnt find it. One way is use player stats, because you can check match numbers in this post method
Answer: That arent what post methods does


Question: History has everything
Answer: yeah, i check again and in history my data had only first 5 matches on serv


Question: Will you fix it?
Answer: try now


Question: try now
Answer: its working, thx


Question: <@145305657237700608> 

hey man, how are you. 

What is the command to prevent players from joining queue while in a game
Answer: `/requeue condition`


Question: When creating a que for apex, how would i set mmr to adjust based on placements in the game and not just who wins? is that possible?
Answer: Like a matchmaking search? /queuetype


Question: Uh im not following
Answer: so when a que happens for apex its 20 teams but i dont want to just award the first place team with mmr, i would like to have the mmr to spread out between the top 10 teams in the lobby


Question: so when a que happens for apex its 20 teams but i dont want to just award the first place team with mmr, i would like to have the mmr to spread out between the top 10 teams in the lobby
Answer: Hmm yeah i dont think thats possible rn


Question: Hmm yeah i dont think thats possible rn
Answer: okay thanks!


Question: anyway i can create a new queue for something else in another channel? little confused on how that works
Answer: yeah


Question: <@145305657237700608> how to generate api token, link on site doesnt work
Answer: /webhooks generatetoken


Question: just do /setup in whenever channel u want
Answer: thanks. also, does the same apply for leaderboard and player stats? like i do that command in the new one and it’ll be specifically for that queue?


Question: thanks. also, does the same apply for leaderboard and player stats? like i do that command in the new one and it’ll be specifically for that queue?
Answer: yes, the commands u do in that channel, will apply to the queue in that channel


Question: <@857633321064595466> perms
Answer: > ### Why am I getting a permissions error?
> There is various reasons that can raise this error, please make sure to check the following points to solve it:
> - The bot has the necessary permissions.
>   - The bot can send messages and manage channels.
> - If you assign a role to the bot, ensure it doesn't overwrite the bot's permissions.
> - Category and channel permissions do not override the bot's permissions.
>   - If the category or channel is private, add the bot to it through the settings.
> **Fast fix:** Give the bot administrator permissions.


Question: Hello, I have a problem I am getting a pop-up like this
Answer: same, idk what to do


Question: basically the mmr is being added in the nicknames
Answer: U toggled /ratinginname?


Question: > ### Why am I getting a permissions error?
> There is various reasons that can raise this error, please make sure to check the following points to solve it:
> - The bot has the necessary permissions.
>   - The bot can send messages and manage channels.
> - If you assign a role to the bot, ensure it doesn't overwrite the bot's permissions.
> - Category and channel permissions do not override the bot's permissions.
>   - If the category or channel is private, add the bot to it through the settings.
> **Fast fix:** Give the bot administrator permissions.
Answer: probably because I activated perms to the bot because I also have this problem


Question: wdym they get 1000
Answer: 1000 is an inaccurate number but


Question: `/autoroles topplayers set `
Answer: appreciate it x


Question: Is there any method to automatically DQ an opponent that does not show up?
Answer: wdym


Question: it will automatically pick whichever winner has more votes
Answer: can this timer start be done after 1 person has voted? seemed when i set time was from the start of the que pop?


Question: can this timer start be done after 1 person has voted? seemed when i set time was from the start of the que pop?
Answer: I dont think u can do it like that


Question: can this timer start be done after 1 person has voted? seemed when i set time was from the start of the que pop?
Answer: it starts when the teams are made


Question: Is it possible to have sperate leaderboards?  I have a queue for higher tier players and a queue for lower tier players
Answer: <@857633321064595466> stats


Question: <@857633321064595466> stats
Answer: > ### How stats for a queue are linked
> In NeatQueue, player stats are stored via a unique name. This lets you link queues together for sharing stats, or separating across queues (Example: Rocket League Queue and Overwatch Queue both have independent stats).
> 1) If `/leaderboardconfig sharedstats serverwide` is enabled, that is the unique name that is used for all queues, so all queues see the same stats.
> 2) Otherwise, if `/leaderboardconfig sharedstats set` is set, that is the unique name to use for just this channel's queue. Any queue with this same unique stats name will see the same stats.
> 3) Otherwise, the queue name is used as the unique name.


Question: <@648635725964902411> how can I check what shard were on?
Answer: Tag <@857633321064595466> and type node


Question: <@857633321064595466> node
Answer: NeatQueue Hub is on node 2, shard 3


Question: <@648635725964902411> what’s the command to select where the queue chats go please?
Answer: `/channel category `


Question: <@145305657237700608> any idea?
Answer: restarted node 1, should be good


Question: Hello. I tried resetting my queue's leaderboard as well as the stats of the players who tested it but after 24 hours it's not yet reset. Im not sure if I made something wrong
Answer: What command did u use?


Question: What command did u use?
Answer: / managestats reset all <name of my queue>  and


Question: use /bestof
Answer: gotcha, but is there a way to give the users the option to pick one or the other?  I want them to have the option to choose directly in the queue. the /bestof command only gives me the option to pick 1 option, right?


Question: I was trying to use the following command : `/bestof number:3 vote:True voteselection:Majority eligible_voters:All`
> But I want there to be the option to pick 3 or 5 for the number
Answer: Do /bestof again with 5, and the same options


Question: Do /bestof again with 5, and the same options
Answer: Thank you this worked! When I ran the command, however, I was given the option or 1, 3, or 5. Is there a way to just make it 3 or 5?


Question: 
Answer: Hmm, i dont really know what happened


Question: Also, is there an easy way to fix my issue with predictions? Whenever I make a prediction, it seems that my prediction is not properly casted becasue i am always refunded the prediction regardless of the outcome. I look all over the documentation and cant find a solution. As always, any help would be appreciate 🙏
Answer: did anyone bet against you?


Question: did anyone bet against you?
Answer: no haha this makes much more sense im an idiot 👊  btw any insight on this would be beautiful I cant get it to just display Bo3 & Bo5 ONLY - no Bo1 : https://discord.com/channels/505102060119916545/868549627652214794/1194734586454872156


Question: bot down?
Answer: <#992610856904957992>


Question: hey its going up soon right?
Answer: https://discord.com/channels/505102060119916545/992610856904957992/1194766287369420970


Question: Perfect, thank you. When do I have to set this? Right away when the queue pops or any time in the /setup process?
Answer: you shouldn’t be using /setup often


Question: So the setup option is just the initial setup? Basically I just do that and it will be the same every time after that?
Answer: Setup is just for an initial queue


Question: 
Answer: Change the /queuetype to pugs


Question: Do u have more than 2 queues maybe?
Answer: I only have 1 atm.


Question: right okay thanks, so i can just end the test whenever and it doesn’t mess anything up?
Answer: yup!


Question: how to disable user command to cancel queues?
Answer: Via server settings


Question: / anonymousqueue disable
Answer: Thanks


Question: Via server settings
Answer: is it possible to have /ign available but queue cancel disabled for users?


Question: is it possible to have /ign available but queue cancel disabled for users?
Answer: Yeah via server integratioms


Question: Yeah via server integratioms
Answer: nvm, i see


Question: I would like to know if when the bot sends a private message, the teams could appear along with the room.

example:
Answer: Can anyone tell me if this is possible?


Question: Yeah via server integratioms
Answer: Can /ign be in any channel or does it have to be in the queue channel?


Question: queue channel
Answer: Is it queue specific or will it recognise it in all queues?


Question: to allow regular users the perms to vote on a win or loss, will i need to add a specific role and then give them those perms? or is there an easier method
Answer: bump


Question: bump
Answer: Wdym?


Question: Hello, does the autolock and autounlock have been removed or has another code now?
Answer: `/schedule`


Question: Is there a way to automatically disqualify a participant for not joining VC in a certain amount of time?
Answer: thats automatic with the player ban wdym


Question: `/schedule`
Answer: Thanks !


Question: hey I have 2 different queues, I want them to work independently of each other, so their leaderboards and mmr will be different. how can i do that?
Answer: thats by default


Question: `/leaderboardconfig sharedstats serverwide`
Answer: I opened this before


Question: i dont understand those terms
Answer: how do I make my 8s do HP SND Control instead of all HP


Question: how do I make my 8s do HP SND Control instead of all HP
Answer: what is HP SND Control? are those 3 diff maps? gamemodes?


Question: yeah but how do I set it up
Answer: just do /leadearboard


Question: just do /leadearboard
Answer: okay


Question: <@648635725964902411> one more question points do not appear on the leaderboard, how can I adjust this?
Answer: no stats are registered


Question: 
Answer: you have to vote the bot to access /stats or /leadeaboard


Question: you have to vote the bot to access /stats or /leadeaboard
Answer: okay thank you


Question: i did
Answer: it was probably before u changed the settings


Question: Hardpoint Search and Destroy and Control that’s what that means how do I make the bot know it’s those modes instead of hard point
Answer: So you mean, Its hardpoint search first, and then Destroy and control? its a best of 2?


Question: So you mean, Its hardpoint search first, and then Destroy and control? its a best of 2?
Answer: Best of 5 like Hardpoint first then Search then Control then Hardpoint then Search


Question: Best of 5 like Hardpoint first then Search then Control then Hardpoint then Search
Answer: you can do /bestof


Question: you can do /bestof
Answer: Thank you


Question: How can I reset the points and stats of my desired queue? I want to do this for a new season
Answer: `/managestats reset all`


Question: <@857633321064595466> stats
Answer: > ### How stats for a queue are linked
> In NeatQueue, player stats are stored via a unique name. This lets you link queues together for sharing stats, or separating across queues (Example: Rocket League Queue and Overwatch Queue both have independent stats).
> 1) If `/leaderboardconfig sharedstats serverwide` is enabled, that is the unique name that is used for all queues, so all queues see the same stats.
> 2) Otherwise, if `/leaderboardconfig sharedstats set` is set, that is the unique name to use for just this channel's queue. Any queue with this same unique stats name will see the same stats.
> 3) Otherwise, the queue name is used as the unique name.


Question: how i copy a menu from a channel?
Answer: /config save, /config load


Question: Can someone send me a YT tutorial for the NeatQ bot setup? 

If there even is one
Answer: https://www.neatqueue.com/guide


Question: <@648635725964902411> is there a command to remove a specific amount of MMR from a specific player?
Answer: /add mmr, and use negative numbers


Question: Is there a way to take away someone's Role of they hit a certain MMR in the Queue?
Answer: When u set up the autorole you have the upper rating mmr, if a player passes that it will remove the role


Question: So we have the issue that our queues chat sometimes still has the old messages from an old queue... how do we clear that up
Answer: Wdym?


Question: Hi, will Neatqueue ever have a feature to have a role be for fill/flex? (pick fill role, queue will pop when full and the people who pick fill are allocated to any remaining roles left in the queue.)
Answer: it would be cool yes, i’m not currently working on it though


Question: hi 
I charged my credit but I cannot choose the plan. Why?
Is there a problem with the site?
Answer: same issue?


Question: Wdym?
Answer: Sometimes we have new queues but you can see the old messages from an old queue ... which happens now often


Question: same issue?
Answer: thx It worked


Question: Sometimes we have new queues but you can see the old messages from an old queue ... which happens now often
Answer: what server


Question: what server
Answer: BPL EU


Question: hey there, i may be overlooking it, but how do you add game modes to the queue
Answer: `/map add`, you can specify the gamemode for each map


Question: Is there a way to check how many matches have been played in a specific queue?
Answer: /serverstats info


Question: You just can achieve that via discord perms
Answer: Do you know how to reverse this


Question: Do you know how to reverse this
Answer: Add it again?


Question: Do you know how to reverse this
Answer: Actually this might not even be relevant


Question: When I do /autoroles mmr  I don’t see add
Answer: Theres no autoroles add, is set


Question: dont do 49
Answer: Nah it’s always been 49 it doesn’t change anything


Question: Is there a way to give everyone the role back?😭
Answer: Set it again at that mmr range


Question: 
Answer: Me doing this command removed it from everyone so I’m trying to figure out how to reverse what I did but setting the mmr didn’t fix it


Question: Do you know how to reverse this
Answer: Probably because I did this


Question: It won't let me join the queue to play, it gives me the neat queue thing
Answer: what?


Question: mmr decay?
Answer: haven’t changed it


Question: sorry it’s a & not a and
Answer: i see you have different stats under different queue names


Question: did you have server wide stats enabled, but then you disabled it?
Answer: yeah i did


Question: i see stats under names 3v3s, 2v2s, 8s, and the serverwide stats
Answer: right okay, so what do i need to do?


Question: i thought i had to disable to have multiple queues with different leaderboards
Answer: yea that’s correct


Question: right ok, is there no way to get back the results for all the games we’ve played?
Answer: you can use /managestats merge


Question: i’m not sure what you were seeing, the stats seemed fine, it just seemed like an old leaderboard
Answer: the roles were all messed up and all sorts ahahah thanks for your help tho mate


Question: you can use /managestats merge
Answer: just did this it’s worked but hasn’t copied the result from last game we played, must’ve been because i changed it midway through


Question: hey, can someone explain why the nb of mmr changes are diffrent in queue channel (before reporting win) and result channel
Answer: the first one is an estimate since everyone on the team will earn different mmr


Question: the first one is an estimate since everyone on the team will earn different mmr
Answer: Can i make this estimate not appear in queue channel (still appears in result) to avoid confusion?


Question: whats the cmd to add another person to use NQ admin cmds?>
Answer: /staffrole add


Question: `/endqueue`
Answer: tysm


Question: How do I put this in a #results channel
Answer: /resultschannel


Question: Is there a way to remove/customize this?
Answer: /teamselection set


Question: how can i change the default 1000 starting mmr
Answer: `/startingmmr set`


Question: How do I set roles, for someone for example reaches 1250mmr
Answer: `/autoroles mmr set `


Question: how come one of us has higher points even though that was the first match
Answer: What was the final mmrs at the end of the matcb


Question: Okay
Answer: does this mean mmr change per win/loss?


Question: does this mean mmr change per win/loss?
Answer: Thats the average for win and loss, but you can set for loss too using the change mmr command


Question: Thats the average for win and loss, but you can set for loss too using the change mmr command
Answer: ahh alr


Question: but i have 2 questions;

Why do i get +30.4 points instead of just the 30

and is there a cmd to wipe all/one player's mmr?
Answer: Theres an mmr calculation for that, so for example if i fight against higher mmrs than me, i will won more mmr if i win than them if they win


Question: Theres an mmr calculation for that, so for example if i fight against higher mmrs than me, i will won more mmr if i win than them if they win
Answer: so its best to just leave it, yeah


Question: `/captains selection`
Answer: is there also a cmd that lets captains pick specific players 

and how can i add gamemodes - such as tdm/snd?


Question: is there a trick to upload an image url when adding a map?
Answer: Wdym a trick, you have the option to add the image in /map add


Question: can i review a specific players match history?
Answer: /stats, but its limited


Question: Wdym a trick, you have the option to add the image in /map add
Answer: well everytime i post the url it seems not to work or just says interaction failed


Question: Hey guys! Is there a "confirm I am here and joining this game" mechanism that does not involve joining a voice channel? I couldn't find anything like this in the documentation
Answer: soon


Question: soon
Answer: Awesome, thank you ❤️


Question: well everytime i post the url it seems not to work or just says interaction failed
Answer: You can upload an image to an image upload service and copy that url


Question: you can post the URL here
Answer: https://images.app.goo.gl/ZdKo47evDmWPiPm48 this was the link


Question: https://images.app.goo.gl/ZdKo47evDmWPiPm48 this was the link
Answer: https://www.callofduty.com/content/dam/atvi/callofduty/cod-touchui/blog/hero/guides/tout/MWIII-MAPS-07-KARACHI-TOUT.jpg Use this as the link, that's just a webpage that happens to contain a link


Question: One more question - is there a way to get newlines in the lobby details? I tried double space, \\(doublespace), <br> but none of them worked
Answer: You can try `Hi\nHi2`


Question: https://www.callofduty.com/content/dam/atvi/callofduty/cod-touchui/blog/hero/guides/tout/MWIII-MAPS-07-KARACHI-TOUT.jpg Use this as the link, that's just a webpage that happens to contain a link
Answer: i tried that link that you gave me and it just said this application did not respond


Question: You can try `Hi\nHi2`
Answer: That did it. I can't believe I didn't try that one <a:facepalm:590676310066462725>. Maybe add it to the documentation :P


Question: lmk when done and i can check too
Answer: i think it didn't work


Question: With no setup step, this message is showing up (and confusing our players :P). Voice channels are set to optional
Answer: what ur config `/config save`


Question: yea maybe
Answer: think it's working now thanks


Question: Does that still generate the team voice channels? We are using those but optionally
Answer: yea this is what your config looks like using the new `/lobbychannel toggle` command


Question: 35ppl in queue, not finding matches
Answer: are they close enough mmr?


Question: is there a cmd that lets captains pick specific players 

and how can i add gamemodes - such as tdm/snd?
Answer: wdym pick specific players, thats by default, you have a list that shows the players


Question: <@648635725964902411> <@145305657237700608> Could you take a look on RankedSimLeague please?
Answer: again same issue


Question: and you add gamemodes in the optional parameter in /map add
Answer: so i could add TDM mode doing that


Question: I'm getting reports of this happening in the queue. Instead of it autosubbing, or even just making a new queue with the next person in the queue, it's ending the queue and kicking everyone
Answer: yea i probably should have announced but the auto sub thing has been disabled for now due to a bug


Question: Hi there, i just found this Bot, which is really huge and nice 😄 there is a lot of potential coming up for some events.
But actually iam just looking for a "Simple Queue". I just used the /setup so far and made some Teams etc... 
Now i need to know...
...How to:
- remove the seperate Voice AND Text channels?
- ping every queued Player after full queue in the same channel, where u can join/leave?
- remove DMs?
Answer: `/tempchannels toggle`


Question: `/matchstart dmplayers`
Answer: can i specify per Role, who can click on those buttons?


Question: can i specify per Role, who can click on those buttons?
Answer: Wdym


Question: Wdym
Answer: what i want is: everyone can see the channel with the queue thing and how many player r actually in it, but can not click on "Join/Leave queue" ... but ONLY user with Role XY can press the "Join/Leave queue" buttons


Question: what i want is: everyone can see the channel with the queue thing and how many player r actually in it, but can not click on "Join/Leave queue" ... but ONLY user with Role XY can press the "Join/Leave queue" buttons
Answer: Ah ok


Question: `/rolerequirement add` but first `/rolerequirement remove: @ everyone` and then u can do the first command
Answer: worked, thx alot 🙂


Question: Any idea why the bot is now kicking people from queue after 3 mins <@145305657237700608>
Answer: whats it say


Question: ooo, maybe i missed that with the update
Answer: Btw, really nice bot ❤️


Question: ooo, maybe i missed that with the update
Answer: Also, since today are my auto roles not working, do I need to recreate them?


Question: <@145305657237700608> can you change captain selection and team selection to an active queue, as the command gives no options currently?
Answer: You can with /teamselection and /captainselection


Question: You can with /teamselection and /captainselection
Answer: there is no option to choose anything


Question: there is no option to choose anything
Answer: Run command first


Question: Also, since today are my auto roles not working, do I need to recreate them?
Answer: hmm i dont think they would have been impacted


Question: Run command first
Answer: What do you mean?


Question: What do you mean?
Answer: Run the command, I think it will let u select things then


Question: wow, 😄
Answer: See I'm mod alredy


Question: how can i remove mmr manually?
Answer: `/add mmr`


Question: il give the support role to whoever wants it lmao
Answer: Ahahaha w, is Don soap and the other guy getting paid? I mean he's answering every singel small question.


Question: Ahahaha w, is Don soap and the other guy getting paid? I mean he's answering every singel small question.
Answer: This guy studied the bot


Question: any way or plans to make the gamemodes a full-lobby vote instead of a captain vote?
Answer: looks like its currently controlled by `/map voting`


Question: Ahahaha w, is Don soap and the other guy getting paid? I mean he's answering every singel small question.
Answer: not currently... but in the future for sure


Question: `/map add map_name:Farm game_modes:TDM`
`/map add map_name:Subway game_modes:TDM,S&D`
Answer: Real quick, what’s the cmd to add a game mode 😅


Question: `/map add map_name:Farm game_modes:TDM`
`/map add map_name:Subway game_modes:TDM,S&D`
Answer: Does the second sentence you wrote down mean I can just add maps and it’ll automatically direct to the last game mode added?


Question: multiple gamemodes for a single map
Answer: But I could just do it like the first one, and then redo by changing the mode?


Question: `/map add map_name:Subway game_modes:TDM,S&D`
is the same as doing 
`/map add map_name:Subway game_modes:TDM`
`/map add map_name:Subway game_modes:S&D`
Answer: I messed up, how can I remove all the maps & modes


Question: is there a way to create a BO3 game thingo, where game 1 is either TDM/S&D, and then the 2nd game is whichever mode waasnt picked?
Answer: `/bestof`


Question: `/bestof`
Answer: do i have to add the modes/maps first?


Question: do i have to add the modes/maps first?
Answer: Well, yeah


Question: order doesnt matter
Answer: i added all the maps to the correct modes, and did the BO3 thing, does that mean the last round will randomly select a gamemode?


Question: I’m new here and needing help figuring out how to set up for MW3 Elo in private matches
Answer: In channel topic you have a basic guide and the docs


Question: In channel topic you have a basic guide and the docs
Answer: Thanks. I’ll check it out


Question: whenenver the queue pops, it moves the waiting room channel below the game channels.
is there any fix for this?
Answer: Not really


Question: lemme look
Answer: <:ApuFlower:894644403526856765>


Question: depends on your `/gamemode selection`
Answer: if i set it to random,it'll only select a random mode on the first & last round, right?


Question: if i set it to random,it'll only select a random mode on the first & last round, right?
Answer: if its random, it will be random for every map


Question: thatd be a cool idea, but no currently you have to signup with the entire team
Answer: So if I have parties disabled for the server I couldnt use the tournaments currently then right. Is there any work around for this?


Question: if its random, it will be random for every map
Answer: I mean, if the first round is TDM, then the 2nd round *has* to be S&D, and then the last round is random?


Question: depends on how you configure map selection
Answer: Okay… will the “random select” option work?


Question: How can I make the 2nd round *not* randomly selected?
Answer: `/gamemode selection`


Question: this command entirely determines how gamemodes are picked
Answer: Only problem is that I only have 2 game modes, and `ordered` mode won't work if I'm tryna make the last round's gamemode   `random`ly selected


Question: `/resultschannel`
Answer: Is that different to this


Question: <@145305657237700608> the bot is creating reserve channels now? What is this for?
Answer: Its because the rate limit that discord has


Question: "technically" the bot is only allowed to make 500 channels per day, which is documented by discord
Answer: So are they channels for upcoming matches?


Question: instead of a new channel being made, it will reuse one of those
Answer: How many of them will it store at one time?


Question: depends on how many matches you are playing at a time
Answer: quite a lot


Question: I would like to know if there is a way for staff to view the lobby details, like the example below from another bot:
Answer: yes, check out this link https://docs.neatqueue.com/#/?id=lobbydetails-set


Question: yes, check out this link https://docs.neatqueue.com/#/?id=lobbydetails-set
Answer: but, i can view the password?


Question: since it wont DM staff
Answer: It's an option that I questioned that could be valid, but it makes it difficult for players to enter the lobby, not receiving the message in the DM.


Question: Would there be any command to manage the matches?
Answer: im not sure what you mean


Question: im not sure what you mean
Answer: I would like the staff to be able to view the lobby password without necessarily being in the match, so that it is easier to manage


Question: I would like to know if it is possible for the message sent in the DM of queue players together with the lobby to show the teams that were formed

example:

Lobby: RANKED 6V6
Password: zjsan

Team 1
yokumura

Team 2
yokumura
Answer: Nope, i dont think u can edit DM messages to send


Question: Nope, i dont think u can edit DM messages to send
Answer: In this case there would be no way to show the teams along with the lobby message


Question: In this case there would be no way to show the teams along with the lobby message
Answer: Wdym? Teams already show when a match is created


Question: Yes, but you wouldn't be able to make them appear together with the Lobby and Password in DM
Answer: No, you cant send the team and a random password each time


Question: how do u remove someone that joined the queue?
Answer: /player remove


Question: hmm
Answer: Only started doing it today


Question: what server ID
Answer: 1187822983255957586


Question: nah you cant do both
Answer: perhaps a feature then would be, once all have readied up, it pulls them into vc?


Question: <@145305657237700608> any idea why the bot isnt deleting VC's now?
Answer: are those matches all done?


Question: is there a channel pool in the server?
Answer: the reserve thing?


Question: and is it still doing it right now
Answer: its not doing it currently


Question: whats your config if you /config save
Answer: for all queues?


Question: just one of the queues its doing it in
Answer: i dont know from what queues they have come from, as they were just dead vc's


Question: turn off `/anonymousqueue`
Answer: Thanks


Question: I'm getting reports of this happening in the queue. Instead of it autosubbing, or even just making a new queue with the next person in the queue, it's ending the queue and kicking everyone
Answer: For whatever reason, `/requeue matchcancelled mode:Automatic` isn't working. It does for a little bit, but it's like it resets or something. We have to keep using the command.


Question: is thera anyway to automatically end the queue after a certain amount of time?
Answer: /timer matchcleanup


Question: /timer matchcleanup
Answer: ty very much


Question: /timer matchcleanup
Answer: is there one wher ei can change the time when the lobby closes automatically


Question: is there one wher ei can change the time when the lobby closes automatically
Answer: Wdym lobby


Question: Wdym lobby
Answer: like once the queue vc gets made it automaticaloly closes after 5 minutes, can we change thattt?


Question: like once the queue vc gets made it automaticaloly closes after 5 minutes, can we change thattt?
Answer: Its the command i sent you...


Question: how can i add the player's elo to their nickname
Answer: `/ratinginname`


Question: Its the command i sent you...
Answer: oh mb


Question: any possibility for player to lose mmr due to decay to exact number? I mean the loosing f.e 100, 100, 100 to maximum 1200
Answer: Not really to stop it to a certain mmr


Question: <@648635725964902411> is there a way to limit staff to certain commands?
Answer: `/staffrole command deny`


Question: Hey quick question is there a way to get only 1 voicechat for everyone? Like right now I am using it for a TCG and I want it so if the queue pops both players join a single voice chat and doesnt kick them back out after
Answer: you can enable /lobbychannel toggle


Question: Wdym 'take'
Answer: I meant remove mmr but it’s Alg


Question: how to make the voicechannel not maximum 5 <@648635725964902411>
Answer: That depends on the teamsize


Question: one more, any possibility to prevrnt ppl to join 2 different queues simultaneously?
Answer: When a game starts it will kick them out of the queue that the player is double queueing


Question: That depends on the teamsize
Answer: thank u man


Question: just wondering, idk if its an option, but it would be cool if the only way people could join a queue by being in a specific vc
Answer: https://discord.com/channels/505102060119916545/910981294937210930/1192708630118670448


Question: What setting is this?
Answer: /staffchannel set


Question: Or just take the vote away?
Answer: I mean, if u dont want MMR to be won, you could set the mmr change to 0, but youll have to report every match anyways or players, theres not an actual way to end the match without reportinb besides cancelling it everytime


Question: <@857633321064595466> premium
Answer: > ### How to get premium
> 1) Login at https://www.neatqueue.com
> 2) Click the Dashboard tab
> 3) Select your server
> 4) Purchase credits and/or select a plan


Question: How do I make a list like this? defining the number of players per class, etc.?
Answer: /roles


Question: How do I make the bot pull everyone into channels automatically?
Answer: If u mean from start, they need to join a lobby vc, and then they will be moved through the setup


Question: When the teams close, it would be necessary to choose the maps, etc., how would I do this "pickban"
Answer: https://www.neatqueue.com/guide


Question: So, for some reason, the leaderboards for 2 of my different queues are merged
Answer: If they got the same name they will


Question: <@857633321064595466> goldenrule
Answer: All stats are tied to the queue name!
If queues have the same name, they will share the same leaderboard!
Otherwise, the stats are totally separate!


Question: how to disable this <@648635725964902411>
Answer: Set the winner of the queue 253


Question: whats ur config
Answer: Saved config under KPC


Question: u guys play a lot of matches?
Answer: over like 50 a day


Question: <@145305657237700608> Currently I admin the discord for Dojo and we're looking to implement a bot that auto generates voice channels based on results on the website via webhooks. My team is interested in having a discord with you about implementation of neat queue in some way or possibly a custom option. If you're interested in that feel free to DM me or the website owner. <@721878918092816414>
Answer: if you are just making voice channels, you probably don’t need NeatQueue


Question: i guess i didnt add streak autoroles, so no
Answer: Is this feature request worthy? <:BrownPeepoPlan:1110588264664027238>


Question: What’s the cmd to end an active queue like this?
Answer: Just to cancel that specific queue/game would be /outcomecancel then enter queue number as option.


Question: Just to cancel that specific queue/game would be /outcomecancel then enter queue number as option.
Answer: hey i need help to fix this in my server made many mistakes could you join for sometime and help me ill give u role


Question: Just to cancel that specific queue/game would be /outcomecancel then enter queue number as option.
Answer: Oops. What does “endqueue” do?


Question: Oops. What does “endqueue” do?
Answer: Ends the actual queue that people join to create the games queues


Question: hey i need help to fix this in my server made many mistakes could you join for sometime and help me ill give u role
Answer: What is it exactly you need help with


Question: What is it exactly you need help with
Answer: to setup some stuff its giving errors and im doing it wrong to setup matchmaking but customsed


Question: to setup some stuff its giving errors and im doing it wrong to setup matchmaking but customsed
Answer: you able to screenshot the errors you are receiving?


Question: is there a way to edit this?
Answer: /teamselection set


Question: /teamselection set
Answer: thanks


Question: Ends the actual queue that people join to create the games queues
Answer: So basically I  fully messed up my queue system


Question: Ends the actual queue that people join to create the games queues
Answer: Would the cmd only work in the queuing channel? Or could I use that cmd to end the queue from any channel I'm in?


Question: Would the cmd only work in the queuing channel? Or could I use that cmd to end the queue from any channel I'm in?
Answer: Just that channel youre in


Question: Every time I try to setup the bot nothing loads
Answer: Is that a private channel, that seems related to perms not be abling to send


Question: Is that a private channel, that seems related to perms not be abling to send
Answer: I was dumb mb, I did not give it the bot role so it was not allowing it to setup. Thank you for getting back to me


Question: since decay happens after 1 week by default
Answer: my parameters are 15 games played and less than 100 to have both roles. and the top player is still #1 so i’m not sure what it is.


Question: no you can’t delete logs
Answer: and you can’t delete items from logs if message is deleted? just curious where it’s getting changed


Question: only thing that i found was a person left the queue when the roles changed
Answer: he never joined queue either


Question: if you compare the person who has it and the person who used to have it, who is higher mmr
Answer: used to have it: 415
has it: 660


Question: 
Answer: here


Question: Hey Neat, my new members of the server keep getting this message whenever they try to join the queue, but I’m pretty sure we pay for the premium membership. Would you be able to verify this? I’m from the select 11s discord to verify which sever
Answer: <@145305657237700608>


Question: Hello! Is there a way to run more then one ten mans with the bot at once? (If there is a premium version that does this I would be more then happy to pay for it)
Answer: You can just create another queue in another channel


Question: <@145305657237700608>
Answer: can you give me the server id


Question: Hello! Is there a way to run more then one ten mans with the bot at once? (If there is a premium version that does this I would be more then happy to pay for it)
Answer: what don soap said, or enable `/tempchannels` and the queue will instantly be emptied when a match starts


Question: can you give me the server id
Answer: 1184332531307384924


Question: How do you disable ppl from queing if they are in a match?
Answer: Thats by default


Question: Guys, any possibility to check the order of how the captain were choosing player?
Answer: /info


Question: /info
Answer: i mean, not the type but who exactly did they pick one by one while match making


Question: What mmr problem
Answer: for example, someone who plays the doctor role has a low mmr, but plays well with the scout pocket, and will have a low mmr


Question: whats ur config
Answer: Saved under KPC


Question: is it every time?
Answer: I'm pretty sure yea


Question: Hey all im back! quick questiion. is there a way to give a player bonus MMR if they beat a player w a specific role?
Answer: Nope


Question: how can i disable partys?
Answer: /partyqueue toggle


Question: Nope
Answer: damn aight ty


Question: <@857633321064595466> perms
Answer: > ### Why am I getting a permissions error?
> There is various reasons that can raise this error, please make sure to check the following points to solve it:
> - The bot has the necessary permissions.
>   - The bot can send messages and manage channels.
> - If you assign a role to the bot, ensure it doesn't overwrite the bot's permissions.
> - Category and channel permissions do not override the bot's permissions.
>   - If the category or channel is private, add the bot to it through the settings.
> **Fast fix:** Give the bot administrator permissions.


Question: I also setup the 2v2 que but when I start que it only uses 2 teams when I set 5 teams
Answer: can u share your config? do /config save


Question: 
Answer: you can copy the config of a queue that you have been made in the past, by /config save and then /config load in another channel and you can tweak it


Question: I can't figure out how to have it make a waiting room that will pull people into their channels when teams are picked
Answer: it’s /lobbychannel toggle


Question: one other question. How do I make people be required to use /IGN to set their in game before having access to the rest of the channels
Answer: ./requireign


Question: <@857633321064595466> premium
Answer: > ### How to get premium
> 1) Login at https://www.neatqueue.com
> 2) Click the Dashboard tab
> 3) Select your server
> 4) Purchase credits and/or select a plan


Question: `/spectatorrole add role:@NeatQueue can_speak:True`
Answer: ok so i just ran this command, but the spectators in the vc are still "suppressed". any suggestions?


Question: wont change until future games
Answer: ok ok thanks for the help as always


Question: also what is the purpose of having prediction points? is there a way to view prediction point leaderboards or compare each others prediction points... how does it work?
Answer: Prediction points are just points


Question: How do I combine the MMR between 2 queues
Answer: was literally just about to ask this


Question: so you can make an autorole for MMR which is just like -1000000 to 1000000 mmr
Answer: person joins server. types /ign and there name. it gives them a verificatoin role upon doing so (this is because i set that role to appear from -10000000 mmr to 10000000 mmr. referance in the reply.) I then also set up rank roles for actual MMR ranks to be auto assigned when a player hits that rank in the discord mmr system. but it is only setting the verificatoin role and not putting them on the starting rank role as well


Question: person joins server. types /ign and there name. it gives them a verificatoin role upon doing so (this is because i set that role to appear from -10000000 mmr to 10000000 mmr. referance in the reply.) I then also set up rank roles for actual MMR ranks to be auto assigned when a player hits that rank in the discord mmr system. but it is only setting the verificatoin role and not putting them on the starting rank role as well
Answer: Pretty sure the last role at the same mmr range u set will override the last one


Question: How do you make the que channels visible for a specific role? Cause it can only be seen by the admins and the players in the que
Answer: You can do that via server settings


Question: do you know how to make the /substitute command work?
Answer: Wdym? Is not working?


Question: ill look at adding a maximum mmr for that command too
Answer: that would be perfect if you could


Question: ill look at adding a maximum mmr for that command too
Answer: Do you think this will be something added relatively soon or more complex?


Question: its already added, just didnt send an update in <#910981294937210930> yet
Answer: Ahh nice, great work! 👊🏻


Question: do you know the command for making it nor required ?
Answer: `/lobbychannel toggle toggle:Enabled` and /`readyup mode disabled`


Question: huh?
Answer: Probably deleted the queue message


Question: Hello. Which command need to use to cancel my /srartqueue?
Answer: /endqueue


Question: you can change that via /timer winnervotemessage
Answer: Thank you! I appreciate it


Question: getting 404's on requests
Answer: 404 means youre making an error when u call the api


Question: did you change the `/queueentry methods`
Answer: oh okay, is it possible to have both buttons and vc?


Question: Pretty sure the last role at the same mmr range u set will override the last one
Answer: im not following


Question: I need to figure out how to set up a 5 team mmr system. 1st gets 30mmr | 2nd gets 15 mmr | 3rd Loses 5 mmr | 4th loses 15 mmr | 5th loses 25 mmr
Answer: that’s not possible currently


Question: you're not giving enough details as to what happened
Answer: he wanted to remove the updating of the channel names


Question: no, 404 would mean the api is up
Answer: When a player clicks the stats button, what is the api request for that?


Question: all the data could be sourced from the leaderboard and individual stats, but theres no api for the exact stats info shown in the command
Answer: /api/matches/{server_id} is giving internal error, any advice?


Question: hmm no, i’ll try and check it out later today
Answer: Can I DM you bud?


Question: /api/matches/{server_id} is giving internal error, any advice?
Answer: Whats the error it gives


Question: Is there an option for the players to vote to cancel queue?
Answer: yes /cancel


Question: yes /cancel
Answer: Is there an option to include a cancel button?


Question: Do you have any tips to get the queue automatically canceled when an opponent is unresponsive?
Answer: use /readyup if you don’t already


Question: use /readyup if you don’t already
Answer: How does the /readyup work exactly?


Question: it will cancel if someone isn’t ready
Answer: Awesome


Question: If someone doesn't join the call to confirm the queue, how can I have the bot automatically replace them with someone with the same role?
Answer: Not possible rn


Question: is `/captains firstpick` the mode where captains can select players for the team ?
Answer: `/captains firstpick` is to choose a condition that if a captain meets, it will be the first to choose a player


Question: `/captains firstpick` is to choose a condition that if a captain meets, it will be the first to choose a player
Answer: whats the cmd for picking players for the team


Question: whats the cmd for picking players for the team
Answer: When u start the queue you have the options for team selections


Question: When u start the queue you have the options for team selections
Answer: I think I changed it


Question: How do I link the statuses of two different queues?
Answer: status?


Question: But when I start 2nd, the statuses no longer work
Answer: But what are u doing


Question: <@857633321064595466> stats
Answer: > ### How stats for a queue are linked
> In NeatQueue, player stats are stored via a unique name. This lets you link queues together for sharing stats, or separating across queues (Example: Rocket League Queue and Overwatch Queue both have independent stats).
> 1) If `/leaderboardconfig sharedstats serverwide` is enabled, that is the unique name that is used for all queues, so all queues see the same stats.
> 2) Otherwise, if `/leaderboardconfig sharedstats set` is set, that is the unique name to use for just this channel's queue. Any queue with this same unique stats name will see the same stats.
> 3) Otherwise, the queue name is used as the unique name.


Question: i have 1100 points in queue B
Answer: Configs are for each queue, u just have to set the point wins or losses in each queue differently


Question: How to not allow player in a game to que up while ghe game hasn't finished yet?
Answer: `/requeue condition`


Question: it’s actually re-enabled
Answer: Do I have to activate it with some command? because didn't grab a new person, just cancel the queue


Question: people who are not in q can join the team 1 and 2 vc but this shouldnt be a thing right?
Answer: That shouldnt happen


Question: leadearboard should update after everygame
Answer: Js wondering, is it possible to make another queue and connect it to the same leaderboard?


Question: <@857633321064595466> stats
Answer: > ### How stats for a queue are linked
> In NeatQueue, player stats are stored via a unique name. This lets you link queues together for sharing stats, or separating across queues (Example: Rocket League Queue and Overwatch Queue both have independent stats).
> 1) If `/leaderboardconfig sharedstats serverwide` is enabled, that is the unique name that is used for all queues, so all queues see the same stats.
> 2) Otherwise, if `/leaderboardconfig sharedstats set` is set, that is the unique name to use for just this channel's queue. Any queue with this same unique stats name will see the same stats.
> 3) Otherwise, the queue name is used as the unique name.


Question: .
Answer: Super duper cool, but rq, is there a way to copy the same previous queue embed thing into another channel? or would it be easier to remake the whole thing and then connect both to the one LB?


Question: Super duper cool, but rq, is there a way to copy the same previous queue embed thing into another channel? or would it be easier to remake the whole thing and then connect both to the one LB?
Answer: you can use `/config save` and `/config load`


Question: you can use `/config save` and `/config load`
Answer: What happens to the game results tho?


Question: What happens to the game results tho?
Answer: Since its the same config it would go to the same channel


Question: Since its the same config it would go to the same channel
Answer: Is there a way to seperate the results channels?


Question: Is there a way to seperate the results channels?
Answer: `/resultschannel `


Question: people who are not in q can join the team 1 and 2 vc but this shouldnt be a thing right?
Answer: Likely your discord permissions are set up wrong for the categories


Question: the leaderboard no show me because need vote, i vote but that no found
Answer: Wdym vote not found


Question: So I've been having a problem in my server that I'm curious if anyone else has any solution for.
The problem is that new players (who are often times far less skilled than returning players) are valued (mmr wise) at the same level as players who are returning players. This is especially noticeable at the start of seasons where everyone has the same mmr. Right now players have played a bunch of games in the season, and when a brand new player joins, the bot values them at a higher mmr than what is usually their skill level, causing more unbalanced games. Setting the starting mmr to a lower value could work in the middle of the season, however it would end up not changing anything once a new season starts.

So the question is, is there any way to have a proper season reset with the bot where it sets the player's mmr in relation to his old mmr, not just the baseline? Or is there a way to ensure brand new players get a lower mmr rather than the same as returning players?
Answer: if you are using autoroles, you could give every role a different starting mmr?


Question: Hey - i'm a not so tech savvy person trying to set up a queue for the group I play age of empires with. I'm trying to fumble my way through it - but if anyone is able to help me figure it out...faster....lol I would really appreciate it!
Answer: feel free to ask any questions you have in here


Question: the winner message should stick to the bottom
Answer: So this is what it looks like


Question: whats ur config
Answer: saved under KPC, it's normal PUGs


Question: What exactly does "in the system" mean? The amount of players that come through and use the bot at some point?
Answer: yes, they have some sort of stats stored for any queue


Question: what is the ranking system for neat bot ? ELO ?
Answer: wdym


Question: you can type the player name / number
Answer: Perfect, thank you very much!


Question: yes, they have some sort of stats stored for any queue
Answer: Is there any way to wipe/clear this?


Question: you could give an autorole games for people with 0 games, then reset all stats for that role
Answer: I'm struggling to find how to reset a specific role. I found the command for resetting a player (`/managestats reset player`), but I haven't been able to find the command for a role.


Question: what does the result message look like
Answer: https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/1201847094634356787/1201847114855100496/image.png?ex=65cb4e59&is=65b8d959&hm=78f18f6edfadeeecd3f5618a03be9abce12aec8f19f4e64c048df61232b1375f&=&format=webp&quality=lossless


Question: https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/1201847094634356787/1201847114855100496/image.png?ex=65cb4e59&is=65b8d959&hm=78f18f6edfadeeecd3f5618a03be9abce12aec8f19f4e64c048df61232b1375f&=&format=webp&quality=lossless
Answer: Run this to make sure they didn't vote to disable the MMR:
`/mmr change allow_disable allow_disable:False`

We had that happen a few times in the beginning of our server before we realized what was going on.


Question: how to fix this there are no mmr changes
Answer: I have also just started having this problem today


Question: Hey, I tried to search in discord here but couldn't find it, is it possible to clear only registration data? I want players to be forced to reregister their game MMR
Answer: `/set ign`


Question: `/set ign`
Answer: I'm attempting to batch remove registration from 100+ people, would this do it for all or I would have to individually


Question: Oh Great and Wonderful NeatZ, how do you setup your precious bot, so that in a specific channel, it automatically starts a queue and when the match is ongoing, it starts a new one immediately after?
Answer: Like when a match is created, it creates another match immediatly?


Question: Hmm, I ``/set ign account:none role:[role all users have]`` but it seems that they aren't required to register again still
Answer: if they have stats already, they wont be required to register


Question: Hello, how will I make a /startqueue accessible to everyone, not just administrators.
Answer: i join to the question because /staffrole did nothing


Question: Im trying to vote to access the leaderboard and I literally cant it keeps asking me to disable adblocker and i already have it unblocked
Answer: Im having the same issue right now. Before, you used to be able to vote and it fixes it. Now it doesnt go away. Ive voted already.


Question: The leaderboard doesn’t work
Answer: it works, but you may be doing it wrong


Question: Im having the same issue right now. Before, you used to be able to vote and it fixes it. Now it doesnt go away. Ive voted already.
Answer: Same problem


Question: like does anyone know how to set up an 8s bot for call of duty
Answer: You can just ask here what youre struggling with


Question: Weird, i just voted and it works for me
Answer: ya still not working. ive voted on 2 accounts. i have premium on one account. i cant check stats


Question: ya still not working. ive voted on 2 accounts. i have premium on one account. i cant check stats
Answer: so you are able to vote, but it’s not doing anything?


Question: i’m not sure what topgg premium even is
Answer: it says it allows you to remove ads and not have to vote every month


Question: what’s your server ID
Answer: 397503511920640011


Question: do we have the option to limit the map reroll cycle?
Answer: not currently


Question: <@857633321064595466> premium
Answer: > ### How to get premium
> 1) Login at https://www.neatqueue.com
> 2) Click the Dashboard tab
> 3) Select your server
> 4) Purchase credits and/or select a plan


Question: <@145305657237700608> Hey, is it possible to rig the bot so after a certain amount of time people lose points automaticlly?
Answer: `/mmr decay`


Question: `/mmr decay`
Answer: Is this for not playing? Or is this even when people play?


Question: it kicks in after a player has not played a game for the set time
Answer: So example just to make sure, If I set a timer for 24 hours and someone didnt play a game for 24 hours, he lose points right?


Question: yup
Answer: would this function properly? `/autoroles streaks set role: @BLML WINNING STREAK lower_value: 10 upper_value: 1000 only_one_allowed: false`

i am confused how i configure so it relates to streak-specific roles, opposed to all streaks


Question: wdym?
Answer: like I want to config one streak for 10+ wins specifically, and another for 10+ losses


Question: lower value would be -1000, upper would be -10
Answer: gotcha thanks as always! probably gonna run by with some questions regarding the button in a bit! psyched about the new additions! <a:cheers:1058073497995321344>


Question: lower value would be -1000, upper would be -10
Answer: Quick question about creating a button. How do I configure the button to ping a specific role in a given channel? Would the command look something like this?

`/commandbutton create command:/autoping role`


Question: Quick question about creating a button. How do I configure the button to ping a specific role in a given channel? Would the command look something like this?

`/commandbutton create command:/autoping role`
Answer: You can just ping the entire queue, and autoping set when it hits a certain queue size but how it says `autoping` wouldnt be really a ping that gets trigger with the command button


Question: not with the bot no, thats getting into the realm of needing another bot
Answer: is there a way to view an active list of all current configed autoroles? I think I set the params wrong on a previous command since players are receiving dms regarding roles they shouldnt have gained


Question: and with the same discord account
Answer: Is the same account


Question: Where can I request an API key for the web API? The link on the documentation doesn't work for me.
Answer: /webhooks generatetoken


Question: how to disable this
Answer: /teamselection reshuffle


Question: Is there a way to turn off `/cancel`, or make it admin only?
Answer: via server settings


Question: /webhooks generatetoken
Answer: Does it allow me to request data from a server I am part of or do I need to have a role?


Question: Would be cool if the person could generate a self token to access their own data.
Answer: i lied, you dont need staff for every endpoint with a token requriement


Question: via server settings
Answer: Integrations, I guess?


Question: Good day, I cant find the command for allowing/disabling players to Multi-Queue
Answer: wdym multi queue


Question: there is no toggle for that, people can be in multiple queues at a time, they will automatically be removed from all queues if a match starts
Answer: Ah I didnt know that is automated, good like that 👍


Question: Ah I didnt know that is automated, good like that 👍
Answer: you are an OG if you remember that command lmao


Question: Hi, I am wanting to integrate https://api.neatqueue.com/api/queue/channel_id/players ... Into a custom JS file. 

I am looking to grab the players within the queue (in order) to display them when live-streaming. 

But, when I test out the API endpoint and input my channel ID I am getting the following (Error: response status is 403) ... 

Could you please guide me on how to integrate with your API's or send me a guide / reference for integration?

Could it maybe be certain channel permissions that I need to setup to make this work properly?
Answer: Are u integrating the api key in the header?


Question: Are u integrating the api key in the header?
Answer: I haven't yet... I was simply inputting my channel ID, then using the execute tab to see the response. I do now see the "Authorize" tab in the top right of the interface. I guess I have to generate an API key via the instructions located under "Webhooks" section in your docs first before proceeding with testing the endpoint?


Question: I haven't yet... I was simply inputting my channel ID, then using the execute tab to see the response. I do now see the "Authorize" tab in the top right of the interface. I guess I have to generate an API key via the instructions located under "Webhooks" section in your docs first before proceeding with testing the endpoint?
Answer: Yes, you need the api key to test even on swagger


Question: Yes, you need the api key to test even on swagger
Answer: Gotcha, I'll give that go first. Thank you!


Question: How do I cancel required voice channels when people join queue
Answer: change your /readyup


Question: It is displaying my name using nickname but discord name for all other members
Answer: Then how?


Question: 
Answer: won’t show until you play a game, the poop screen is discord not loading the image though


Question: Is there a way to auto pick who makes the lobby everyone joins too?
Answer: you can use the /lobbydetails command for that


Question: won’t show until you play a game, the poop screen is discord not loading the image though
Answer: Naw it shows


Question: / player sub
Answer: those are not accessible by default


Question: ngl that sounds very complicated to set up from a user perspective
Answer: Or simply choose applicable modes


Question: Why is it saying we have to vote for the bot to use the leaderboard embed?
Several of us have voted and it still gives us the popup
Answer: We cannot do any leaderboard type commands at all
cant check stats, etc.


Question: Bruh
Answer: Thanks


Question: We cannot do any leaderboard type commands at all
cant check stats, etc.
Answer: i’ll check it out today


Question: Bruh
Answer: yea i also like to sleep


Question: What is the difference between mmr calculations per person and per team
If streaks and placement multipliers are turned off
Answer: will use the players MMR for calculating their MMR change vs using the teams average MMR


Question: Is there a way to make a specific role get a certain amount of MMR per win/loss compared to another role?
Answer: give them a /mmr multipliers


Question: how do you make the bot autodrag to voice channels? and make the bot autodelete queuepings?
Answer: should auto drag players to their team VCs


Question: should auto drag players to their team VCs
Answer: Sorry I meant like dragging them to the waiting queue vc?


Question: Sorry I meant like dragging them to the waiting queue vc?
Answer: `/lobbychannel set`


Question: hey quick question when we randomize captains and press yes it starts up a new one to pick captains again. but when we press no it picks the captains  why does it do this?
Answer: read the question it asks


Question: how do you make it where you have to verify your ign before you can join the queue?
Answer: `/requireign `


Question: Is there a way to do map bans for valorant 10 mans
Answer: `/map bans`


Question: `/map bans`
Answer: but do I have to add all the current maps for the bot to do map bans?


Question: but do I have to add all the current maps for the bot to do map bans?
Answer: U just have to specify the number of bans, the bot already know the maps if u have them


Question: U just have to specify the number of bans, the bot already know the maps if u have them
Answer: gotcha


Question: how were teams picked
Answer: 1-1-1-1


Question: has anyone voted today?
Answer: same thing here


Question: `/lobbydetails set message:Password: PASSWORD8A`
Answer: the bot can do it randomly ?


Question: <@145305657237700608>
Answer: thx, will just ban them


Question: thx, will just ban them
Answer: no problem can i reccomend for tickets get a ticket bot for future casue im sure there are more people in here doing it and if this is public they know who not to message


Question: unfortunately not since usually the teams aren’t created by the time the channel is
Answer: Is it cool if I dm you about this?


Question: you can only link to 1 queue at a time
Answer: can I ask you a quick question


Question: you can only link to 1 queue at a time
Answer: damn what....


Question: We are using your bot for a game called PSO we have a league, for pugs in NA but we couldnt find out how to make @captain role to @PUG
Answer: `/captains role` (?)


Question: pls make it so we can do more than 1
Answer: /link can only work with 1 queue at a time, otherwise it wont know which queue to reference


Question: we want this
Answer: if people cant ping the role, you must have disable pings for it


Question: if people cant ping the role, you must have disable pings for it
Answer: we have them enabled


Question: we have them enabled
Answer: its a permission issue, its not related to the bot either


Question: cant u customize if so it recognises it by each of their names?
Answer: no, /link allows you to use any command as if you are typing it in the queue channel


Question: same thing here
Answer: can ya help please 🥺


Question: it cant work with multiple queues linked
Answer: we are using a bot that gives perm to certain people when they react the emoji


Question: can ya help please 🥺
Answer: whats the server id


Question: do you have any idea how we can solve it?
Answer: you'll have to fix the permissions, thats all i can help


Question: whats the server id
Answer: how can i see that?


Question: or just try voting again
Answer: i probably cant since there's a 12h cooldown?


Question: can u invite me real quick?
Answer: okie


Question: hold on one sec, wanna check something
Answer: Hey btw we have a league in a game called PSO we are having a issue that says limit 500 members


Question: For the name of the Temporary Setup Channels is it possible currently to have the name of that channel say the Team names playing? So like instead of saying “queue-284” it can say like “team1-vs-team2”
Answer: <@145305657237700608> is it cool if I dm you about this?


Question: anyway to see the leaderboard or scores without paying ?
Answer: You dont have to pay


Question: You just have to vote
Answer: Can you help me ?


Question: is there a way to add Cancel game button next to reporting winners ?
Answer: https://discord.com/channels/505102060119916545/910981294937210930/1202646854844678234


Question: Can you help me ?
Answer: Jst ask


Question: Settings > integration
Answer: so can i make it automaticly starting


Question: so i don't have to keep running this command always
Answer: Ah no, thats not possible


Question: Alright so , How can i give specfic role to be able to use command /startfromvc?
Answer: not sure if you are new to the bot, but that is usually not the "right" way to start a queue


Question: whats a level?
Answer: I guess change nicknames based on MMR


Question: Hey, I'm not getting my autoroles updates post-match? I have to manually update autoroles by sending a /autoroles mmr command
Answer: I had waited upwards of an hour and it was not automatically changing roles, despite having it properly setting up when I forciblky updated a role using the /autoroles MMR command


Question: I had waited upwards of an hour and it was not automatically changing roles, despite having it properly setting up when I forciblky updated a role using the /autoroles MMR command
Answer: whats your `/config save`


Question: whats your `/config save`
Answer: "/config save name:Tribes Testing "


Question: Well, the server is limited by that then
Answer: i dont understand


Question: Players are not be able to see the match channel vc where captain picks are going on if they accidentally leave; but are able to join team vcs once teams are picked.
Answer: sounds like an issue with permissions on the category perhaps


Question: sounds like an issue with permissions on the category perhaps
Answer: Is there a way to set the certain permissions granted to each person in that queue match?


Question: sounds like an issue with permissions on the category perhaps
Answer: The perms in the category is good.
So, in my server I have it set so that `everyone` doesn't have any permissions;
When the channels are created, the permissions are set correctly for the needed roles.
Then once all players have connected to the voice channel; the permissions of the VC reset and are defaulted to only `everyone`.


Question: or use `/voicechannels permissions set role: permission: value:` for lower level control
Answer: i mean when you do /leaderboard , you get list of scores right ? , How can i autorename player server-nickname , to their level.


Question: `/ratinginname format`
Answer: what do you mean i got
/ratinginname format format: location:


Question: what do you mean i got
/ratinginname format format: location:
Answer: Yea? Fill those parameters, then do /ratinginname toggle


Question: Yea? Fill those parameters, then do /ratinginname toggle
Answer: i mean if i have 1000 points i got [1000] BossRank


Question: How can i do that
Answer: Im telling you...


Question: /ratinginname format, and /ratinginname toggle
Answer: with this command /ratinginname format , What should i type there to keep show up their level in server-nickname


Question: with this command /ratinginname format , What should i type there to keep show up their level in server-nickname
Answer: If u enable it, it will get auto updated


Question: ok
Answer: Did u run /ratinginname toggle?


Question: Did u run /ratinginname toggle?
Answer: yeah and the names still samething


Question: is there a way to revert the result of a match if staff results channel was set to none?
Answer: Anyone?


Question: Anyone?
Answer: you cant if u didnt have a staff channel


Question: you can use `/outcome`
Answer: youre a legend


Question: wdym
Answer: The captain choosing, do you remember, by typing


Question: its actually always enabled
Answer: Is it possible to dissable it? Our players are dumb And dont understand this


Question: In team games it probably doesn't matter as much but in a 2D fighter I think it's discouraging to see 2-26 on the leaderboard next to your name
Answer: actually i think a command under /leaderboardconfig would work fine


Question: Anyone had this issue before?
Answer: ?  did u setup the bot with temporary channels?


Question: ?  did u setup the bot with temporary channels?
Answer: I don't believe so, this hasn't happened before


Question: I don't believe so, this hasn't happened before
Answer: Im pretty sure these are temporary channels


Question: They should last the duration of the match though..?
Answer: first theres the join queue vc which all players must join


Question: cuz you can change it and itll say youve changed it to whatever but not by how much
Answer: could u explain more


Question: 
Answer: So im assuming Team 2 - #21 is the channel that should not have been deleted


Question: could you give me your server name or ID?
Answer: Outlaws Esports


Question: So im assuming Team 2 - #21 is the channel that should not have been deleted
Answer: Correct


Question: how do i make it so that it doesnt private message a person?
Answer: `/matchstart dmplayers `


Question: could anybody help me with setting up a custom 8s queue for call of duty please? i have next to no clue what im doing with bots lmao
Answer: https://www.neatqueue.com/guide


Question: If u do [$] it will be [1342]
Answer: Hello ?


Question: so how can i set the default mmr to 0
Answer: `/startingmmr set mmr:0` then `/managestats resetall`


Question: ?
Answer: Stop pinging


Question: You need to do that with a running queue
Answer: everytime ?!


Question: Just once when u create the queue, u config it
Answer: i always do /startfromvc <vc name>


Question: i always do /startfromvc <vc name>
Answer: If you use that command youll need to run it everytime


Question: also would i be able to give my hosts specific commands like /sub so they dont have powers to use /add mmr
Answer: you can set up a /staffrole and add specific command permissions to it


Question: Is it possible to have an unranked queue so that I can set up a system that blocks people from playing unless they have 5 unranked wins
Answer: You could setup 2 queues, Unranked and Ranked. In the unranked queue you can set an autorole when someone has 5 wins, and for the ranked queue only allow players with the 5 win role to queue. I think /roles is what you'd use for that. I'm pretty sure I've seen a way to disable or at least hide mmr, but you'd have to look at docs for that


Question: You could setup 2 queues, Unranked and Ranked. In the unranked queue you can set an autorole when someone has 5 wins, and for the ranked queue only allow players with the 5 win role to queue. I think /roles is what you'd use for that. I'm pretty sure I've seen a way to disable or at least hide mmr, but you'd have to look at docs for that
Answer: that sounds good


Question: We have automatic roles set up, but they don't seem to be working. Is there anything that I can check for this?
Answer: new setup or existing?


Question: new setup or existing?
Answer: It was first noticed 2-3 days ago. It's kind of hard to catch, so it may have been going on longer than that


Question: It was first noticed 2-3 days ago. It's kind of hard to catch, so it may have been going on longer than that
Answer: when you say not working, is it sometimes roles don’t update?


Question: is there a captain banned type permission ?
Answer: wdym


Question: when you say not working, is it sometimes roles don’t update?
Answer: Yes sir, that's correct


Question: wdym
Answer: a role that people cant vote for captain


Question: in my community there are a lot of dumb players who get picked captain because of trolls or others who dont like picking people
Answer: You could give select people the captain role, then make it random so it only picks from that pool of pre-selected captains


Question: Yes sir, that's correct
Answer: is it for everyone, or specific people you noticed?


Question: wait wait theres a captain role where it selects those with the role?
Answer: yes /captains role


Question: is it for everyone, or specific people you noticed?
Answer: I haven't noticed. I'll make our team aware and try to keep a log or something to narrow that down


Question: I haven't noticed. I'll make our team aware and try to keep a log or something to narrow that down
Answer: appreciate it, also note you can run /autoroles refresh which will manually rerun all the calculations


Question: for the 4th time tonight
Answer: out of how many games?


Question: When the queue is created, anyone can see the queue text channel.
Can we make only certain role to be able to see the queue text channel?
Answer: Looks related to category settings, or maybe u disabled channel restrictions


Question: Cobra - #1301
Answer: lmk if you see any more issues


Question: How do i upgrade to premium to allow more than 3 queues?
Answer: <@857633321064595466> premium


Question: <@857633321064595466> premium
Answer: > ### How to get premium
> 1) Login at https://www.neatqueue.com
> 2) Click the Dashboard tab
> 3) Select your server
> 4) Purchase credits and/or select a plan


Question: How do you set so more than one person has to set which team won? also can you do it by map or is it always just who won the series?
Answer: it’s always the series


Question: probably related issue to when the bot accidentally bans people who are actually in the VC, its seeing outdated info
Answer: Is this why this happens? I've been scratching my head on it


Question: <@857633321064595466> stats
Answer: > ### How stats for a queue are linked
> In NeatQueue, player stats are stored via a unique name. This lets you link queues together for sharing stats, or separating across queues (Example: Rocket League Queue and Overwatch Queue both have independent stats).
> 1) If `/leaderboardconfig sharedstats serverwide` is enabled, that is the unique name that is used for all queues, so all queues see the same stats.
> 2) Otherwise, if `/leaderboardconfig sharedstats set` is set, that is the unique name to use for just this channel's queue. Any queue with this same unique stats name will see the same stats.
> 3) Otherwise, the queue name is used as the unique name.


Question: @neatz is there a way to change a name of the queue without losing stats to it?
Answer: ^ this is how u can control the queue stats


Question: <@648635725964902411> how do i make it where we connect all the queues?
Answer: In wich sense?


Question: <@648635725964902411> wdym
Answer: <@857633321064595466> stats


Question: <@857633321064595466> stats
Answer: > ### How stats for a queue are linked
> In NeatQueue, player stats are stored via a unique name. This lets you link queues together for sharing stats, or separating across queues (Example: Rocket League Queue and Overwatch Queue both have independent stats).
> 1) If `/leaderboardconfig sharedstats serverwide` is enabled, that is the unique name that is used for all queues, so all queues see the same stats.
> 2) Otherwise, if `/leaderboardconfig sharedstats set` is set, that is the unique name to use for just this channel's queue. Any queue with this same unique stats name will see the same stats.
> 3) Otherwise, the queue name is used as the unique name.


Question: if all the queus have difff roles that give different starting mmr sets do i need to delete them all
Answer: If youre going to use the same roles you just can change the starting mmrs


Question: what if i want to keep almost all of the edits ive made to a previous queue?
Answer: Save the config and load it


Question: <@648635725964902411> will everything change as soon as i share stat it?
Answer: Your queues are brand new, idk what do you mean


Question: and i actually looked at it now it looks like it only does one at a time?
Answer: wdym one at a time


Question: Hi there! I'm getting this error when our match is full:
Answer: Any idea on this one <@145305657237700608>


Question: Any idea on this one <@145305657237700608>
Answer: Its hard to say, something permission related is blocking it, easiest fix would be giving it admin


Question: <@857633321064595466> perms
Answer: > ### Why am I getting a permissions error?
> There is various reasons that can raise this error, please make sure to check the following points to solve it:
> - The bot has the necessary permissions.
>   - The bot can send messages and manage channels.
> - If you assign a role to the bot, ensure it doesn't overwrite the bot's permissions.
> - Category and channel permissions do not override the bot's permissions.
>   - If the category or channel is private, add the bot to it through the settings.
> **Fast fix:** Give the bot administrator permissions.


Question: hi, i buyed 5 credits and i add the bot on my server, but when i try buy the premium say me "
Please invite NeatQueue to your Server"
Answer: Here it says, hello, you just bought US$ 4.51 at WWW.NEATQUEUE.COM. The purchase was made using international credit, with final card 0487


Question: ooh, okay, thanks for the suport! have a good night!
Answer: np, thanks for alerting me of this issue


Question: does anyone know how to run a test and go through each step of the process individually without the need of various other people to start the queue
Answer: `/test`


Question: sorry for the ping
Answer: Just dont ping when u need help


Question: That looks something i cant really investigate about
Answer: but yk how to disable voice channels?


Question: hello!! im trying to setup neatqueue and keep getting an error with the permissions. i've double checked it has the perms it needs. anything i can do?
Answer: Very hard to tell since it can be many things, we have tbis general tips


Question: <@857633321064595466> perms
Answer: > ### Why am I getting a permissions error?
> There is various reasons that can raise this error, please make sure to check the following points to solve it:
> - The bot has the necessary permissions.
>   - The bot can send messages and manage channels.
> - If you assign a role to the bot, ensure it doesn't overwrite the bot's permissions.
> - Category and channel permissions do not override the bot's permissions.
>   - If the category or channel is private, add the bot to it through the settings.
> **Fast fix:** Give the bot administrator permissions.


Question: Very hard to tell since it can be many things, we have tbis general tips
Answer: got it working, thank you!! i'm sure this was answered a lot of times but how do we have the "join queue" and "leave queue" buttons?


Question: got it working, thank you!! i'm sure this was answered a lot of times but how do we have the "join queue" and "leave queue" buttons?
Answer: That should appear by default


Question: Check out embed links or messages perms
Answer: embed links was it! thank you so much!


Question: probably related issue to when the bot accidentally bans people who are actually in the VC, its seeing outdated info
Answer: This is an issue that is still happening for us. People in the VC are randomly getting queue banned. Most of the time, it's all 22 people. Is there anything on our end that I can do?


Question: its back now
Answer: ty ❤️


Question: <@857633321064595466> stats
Answer: > ### How stats for a queue are linked
> In NeatQueue, player stats are stored via a unique name. This lets you link queues together for sharing stats, or separating across queues (Example: Rocket League Queue and Overwatch Queue both have independent stats).
> 1) If `/leaderboardconfig sharedstats serverwide` is enabled, that is the unique name that is used for all queues, so all queues see the same stats.
> 2) Otherwise, if `/leaderboardconfig sharedstats set` is set, that is the unique name to use for just this channel's queue. Any queue with this same unique stats name will see the same stats.
> 3) Otherwise, the queue name is used as the unique name.


Question: <@857633321064595466> stats
Answer: bro, i destroyed my whole server with trying something, i just started anothere queue with same name, i think all ranks and all stats for everyone are gone, can i get my old things back? any way?


Question: bro, i destroyed my whole server with trying something, i just started anothere queue with same name, i think all ranks and all stats for everyone are gone, can i get my old things back? any way?
Answer: If u didnt reset something, a new queue with the same name should have the stats the old queue have


Question: If u didnt reset something, a new queue with the same name should have the stats the old queue have
Answer: im not sure what i did, but everyones mmr is reset


Question: If u changed the name it would work as a reset, but setting the old name of the queue should work
Answer: i changed it


Question: <@857633321064595466> matchmaking
Answer: That command does not exist!


Question: <@857633321064595466> snake
Answer: That command does not exist!


Question: if you have two teams, the pick order for snake would be

Team 1, Team 2, Team 2, Team 1, Team 1, Team 2, Team 2, etc
Answer: what pick order, picking a team before starting the match?


Question: is there a way where i can do 2 ign such if i create one for valorant and other for overwatch ?
Answer: <@819744133240324096>


Question: Is it possible to change the server  icon if someone is in the Que? That way people can see if there’s people looking for games without always being on the server!
Answer: interesting idea, but no not possible


Question: are you using the matchmaking queue type?
Answer: just trying to setup a valorant inhouse system on my server


Question: if its PUGs, then priority won't matter, it will always start when enough players are in queue
Answer: Ohhh truee; and if its matchmaking? how would I be able to do it there?


Question: in matchmaking people with priority goto the front of the queue so they get a higher chance at being in the match
Answer: OHH! Thank you so much, I appreciate the help :)


Question: `/requeue priorityrole add role:`
Answer: oh btw is there a way for me to delete my old config?


Question: Right now I have team 1
And team 2 . Whenever someone joins Que I see their name. How do I make it so their name is hidden but it shows someone is in the Que?
Answer: ./anonymousqueue


Question: Hello there! Thank you for your amazing bot ! ❤️
We're using it to play overwatch and I didn't find how people can select several roles (tank/DPS/support) ? They click to enter the queue and then they have to select one but can't say that they are available for several roles?

Also, is it possible to have MMR by queue role?
Thanks again and sorry if question has already been asked
Answer: there is currently no way to select multiple roles or get stats per role


Question: there is currently no way to select multiple roles or get stats per role
Answer: Alright, thanks for very quick response!
Is the functionality planned? :/
I would pay for this 😅


Question: unfortunately no plans atm
Answer: Hi NeatZ, I have a question, is it possible to set to disable writing on text channels created by the bot?


Question: is the lobby channel a voice channel or text channel or both
Answer: voice channel


Question: Hi NeatZ, I have a question, is it possible to set to disable writing on text channels created by the bot?
Answer: you can manually modify the `/tempchannels permissions`


Question: voice channel
Answer: How do I setup the text queue channel


Question: huh?
Answer: sometimes says that a team has a player in queue


Question: `/tempchannels toggle`
Answer: Thanks


Question: how do i split roles in queue. i want to do gk 0/1 def 0/2 cm 0/2 forward 0/2 like here
Answer: `/roles`


Question: can i mention all inqueue players by a command ?
Answer: `/ping`


Question: How do I give my moderators access to be able to cancel games?
Answer: You can give them a staff role `/staffrole add` which gets perms to use all commands


Question: `/roles`
Answer: how do i add few roles in 1 queue and select how much ppl can join to 1 role


Question: `/roles Field,Field,Field,GK` would be 3 field, 1 GK per team
Answer: thank you


Question: <@1131749637406064721> Can I see all parties created as a moderator?
Answer: hmm, no not currently


Question: <@857633321064595466> stats
Answer: > ### How stats for a queue are linked
> In NeatQueue, player stats are stored via a unique name. This lets you link queues together for sharing stats, or separating across queues (Example: Rocket League Queue and Overwatch Queue both have independent stats).
> 1) If `/leaderboardconfig sharedstats serverwide` is enabled, that is the unique name that is used for all queues, so all queues see the same stats.
> 2) Otherwise, if `/leaderboardconfig sharedstats set` is set, that is the unique name to use for just this channel's queue. Any queue with this same unique stats name will see the same stats.
> 3) Otherwise, the queue name is used as the unique name.


Question: is there a way to log who votes who because people troll
Answer: No not really


Question: Our bot just  banned everyone in the queue lol
Answer: Happens, we recommend desactivating `/dodge autoban`


Question: The problem is the bot created probably 50 channels all day not 1500
Answer: did it go away?


Question: did it go away?
Answer: I won't know until folks start playing again around 20 CET


Question: i voted but it doesnt want me to show the leaderboard what can i do can smn help?
Answer: What does it say


Question: What does it say
Answer: that smn has to vote at least once


Question: I see did discord change their maximum limit or something? I don’t really know why my server would hit the limits since it’s not hitting 1000
Answer: im not sure, ill investigate, but its not well documented


Question: im not sure, ill investigate, but its not well documented
Answer: Appreciate the speedy reply and fix thank you


Question: you should give them a /staffrole
Answer: this is enough to see the channels?


Question: Havnt set that what name I need to put
Answer: U can name whatever u want it, or just press enter and it will generate a random name


Question: What I need is when we both ready up it opens another queue with this
Answer: Have the same problem


Question: 
Answer: whats the problem?


Question: whats the problem?
Answer: What command do I type to make that response happen when we both ready up


Question: can u invite me
Answer: done


Question: Anyone know how to set up neatqueue for valorant
Answer: https://www.neatqueue.com/guide


Question: https://www.neatqueue.com/guide
Answer: I tried


Question: what are you stuck on
Answer: bro the 1st page on the leaderboard is not working for all leaderboards since 10 min or something


Question: bro the 1st page on the leaderboard is not working for all leaderboards since 10 min or something
Answer: says its loading the image


Question: So in this case, I don't think I need this... however, I would like the user to register on the server so that I can use his nickname and add the points he earns, but for that I have to link the registration with my game?
Answer: you dont need to register anything


Question: i would like to know how this challone stuff is working cause i didnt rlly undersand it, what can i do with it?
Answer: you link your account, then all  the tournament setup is done on challonge, and NeatQueue hosts the individual games


Question: you link your account, then all  the tournament setup is done on challonge, and NeatQueue hosts the individual games
Answer: it will update on chanllonge if someone wins a game with neatqueue while tournaments? if they linked ofc


Question: well this a bit confusing, i think its cause there is only 1 player
Answer: yea 1 player tournament probably wont work


Question: How do I link the maps added to the list?
Answer: `/map add`


Question: how would i fix the fact that everyone can see the options after a queue is full
Answer: wdym


Question: yea 1 player tournament probably wont work
Answer: if you join the tournament, the button on the embed, will it put you in the challonge tournament too?


Question: if you join the tournament, the button on the embed, will it put you in the challonge tournament too?
Answer: you can only join a tournament in the registration phase


Question: it will auto start when filled
Answer: will it show a bracket?


Question: `/map add`
Answer: I'm confused... Is the score added for users who win matches?


Question: how do i let people join 2 queues at the same time
Answer: `/requeue condition`


Question: I'm confused... Is the score added for users who win matches?
Answer: the players vote for the winner


Question: the players vote for the winner
Answer: What commands should I use to create the list that only starts when the 6 players are logged in, and that shows the maps they want to play or not after the list is ready, then, is there a command for me to configure the voting? Or is everything automatic?


Question: if i have 2 queues going in one channel how do i get rid of the oldest queue when people are in it rn
Answer: Is not possible you are running 2 queues in the same channel


Question: 
Answer: The match didnt even start, how is it supossed to show map voting?


Question: How did I just leave the option to choose random teams?
Answer: `/teamselection`


Question: i want this <@145305657237700608>
Answer: Stop pinging him


Question: How do I stop them from playing on a list without having enough points?
Answer: `/mmr requirement`


Question: what's this parameters ? how to use ?
Answer: Parameters have descriptions


Question: How do I allow only captains to choose maps?
Answer: with /map voting


Question: Hi, we are using the tempchannel, but the message that should go to the channel created for the winner voting is going to the queue channel, and players cannot use the buttons for voting how can I fix this?
Answer: wdym?


Question: Here there is a limit of 50 matches per day, when are they released again?
Answer: noon eastern time, when bot posts in <#935731235790139422>


Question: here is our queue channel with no typing permission everytime someone win, winner messages comes up to queue channel like this how to i remove
Answer: change the /resultschannel


Question: <@857633321064595466> premium
Answer: > ### How to get premium
> 1) Login at https://www.neatqueue.com
> 2) Click the Dashboard tab
> 3) Select your server
> 4) Purchase credits and/or select a plan


Question: i don't want to let it shows on queue channel
Answer: What do you mean?


Question: i don't want to let it shows on queue channel
Answer: that’s /resultschannel


Question: I know but i want to let them stay in and queue in both ways
Answer: ah so you are saying join via VC, but not leave?


Question: I couldn't manage it somehow, could you come to the server and help for 2 minutes?
Answer: it’s just that one command


Question: ah so you are saying join via VC, but not leave?
Answer: Yes, be able to join the VC, which would put you into the queue but when they leave the VC they don’t get thrown out of the queue. Some people go to talk to other people in a call or to another discord for a second things like that while they’re waiting.


Question: Some people are trying to play but receive the message that they are already in a game when they are not
Answer: what happened ?


Question: Maybe make it a toggle function
Answer: yea that would be a good idea to have an option for only join


Question: not sure what that says
Answer: The bot doesn't let anyone who has already played play again! He says the person is leaving


Question: if they are in a game, they can’t enter another game, until the first game finishes
Answer: Hi, sorry to butt in but I also moderate that discord, just to put you in context, what happens is that everyone has already finished their game, but for some reason when they want to enter the list, the bot prevents them from the common error is "You cannot join a new queue while you are in a game".


Question: Hi, sorry to butt in but I also moderate that discord, just to put you in context, what happens is that everyone has already finished their game, but for some reason when they want to enter the list, the bot prevents them from the common error is "You cannot join a new queue while you are in a game".
Answer: can u swap to english and give me the exact error


Question: can u swap to english and give me the exact error
Answer: Okay


Question: For captains who do not make picks within the given time, can we create a command like autoban instead of autopick, considering it as if they dodged because they were AFK? This is because autopick sometimes creates unbalanced teams, and it would be more appropriate for the AFK player to receive a direct ban but I don't know if there is another possible or applicable situation
Answer: not currently


Question: <@145305657237700608>
Answer: so it thinks a match is still being setup, does it make matches in new channels?


Question: so it thinks a match is still being setup, does it make matches in new channels?
Answer: The error is the same if you enter other channels.


Question: do those channels still exist?
Answer: No, because when we award points the channels are automatically deleted.


Question: do those channels still exist?
Answer: I fixed it, I just cancelled the last games, I think it bugged the bot, thanks for your help.


Question: I use this sequence of buttons to create a queue, but for some reason people, after playing a single game, can no longer play, and receive the warning that they are in a game and cannot join... Even though I delete the channel and recreate it the queues are no use...
Answer: You are not supossed to end queue after every game


Question: I want to reshuffle the maps, but is there a way to limit this? Like random maps comes out and if they dont want to play they can shuffle for once. Players are abusing it when its unlimited shuffle clicking until they get the map they want
Answer: No theres no option to rimit reshuffles


Question: how do i make it so the team vc is restricted to team members
Answer: Thats by default, unless you added a staff role, or spectator role or changed category perms, or changed channel restrictions


Question: Thats by default, unless you added a staff role, or spectator role or changed category perms, or changed channel restrictions
Answer: i have changed the category perms
so do i just undo all the category perms?


Question: i have changed the category perms
so do i just undo all the category perms?
Answer: It will depend on what you changed


Question: You are not supossed to end queue after every game
Answer: Does anyone know the solution to the problem I mentioned?

that of players not being able to enter the match because it is said that they are already in one even though they are not?


Question: yea that would be a good idea to have an option for only join
Answer: Lmk when you change the code I'll pay to expedite lol


Question: rip bot
Answer: is urs messing up as well whats wrong with urs?


Question: hey guys for some reason the bot is not auto dragging ppl to the vc is something wrong with it? is there a command too fix it?
Answer: <@145305657237700608>


Question: <@145305657237700608>
Answer: you have /lobbychannel pullall enabled?


Question: what’s ur config
Answer: it fixed


Question: also how do I let other people join the locked teams channel
Answer: <@145305657237700608>


Question: also how do I let other people join the locked teams channel
Answer: `/tempchannels permissions set `


Question: In mine, anyone who played 1 game can't play any more...

The bot keeps saying that the person is in the game when they are not
Answer: What did u do?


Question: What commands did u use?
Answer: the ``/temp channel permission`` stuff


Question: Added a staff role or spectator role?
Answer: If i deny the permission, the people in queue have no acces to their own privat channel.


Question: i did something wrong, when i realised it, i did set default permissions for the everyone role (view channel perm). That maybe made it worse.
Answer: Just reverse the command u did


Question: Just reverse the command u did
Answer: i messed up a few hours ago, i dont remember whats wrong


Question: i messed up a few hours ago, i dont remember whats wrong
Answer: Do /logs, itll show the commands u used


Question: Do /logs, itll show the commands u used
Answer: what means,  value: 0


Question: Deny = 0, allow = 1, default = 2
Answer: the first thing i did was denying some stuff so no one can see the temp channels, then i allowed it so everyone could see the temp channels, the default command neither does fix it


Question: Uh, that should work on next queue
Answer: sure? what do i do with my auto role?


Question: If u do that command again but change it to default it should fix it
Answer: it didnt work


Question: <@648635725964902411> bro
Answer: Ok dont ping, please.


Question: I tested by myself and it works just how i told you, so you must be doing it in some different queue or i don't know.
Answer: wdym a different queue?


Question: Then i dont really know, i used `/tempchannels permissions set role:@everyone permission:View Channel value:Default` and it worked for me
Answer: couldnt it be something else? like there is no privat symbol on channels


Question: couldnt it be something else? like there is no privat symbol on channels
Answer: If u used some diff commands before then that could be, but from what you told me is how i said it


Question: youll have to check the channel perms and see what is granting access
Answer: wait could it be something with the categorie permission!?


Question: If u used some diff commands before then that could be, but from what you told me is how i said it
Answer: i think its cause of the command, maybe another permission, not the view channel permission?


Question: shouldn the bot normally create automatically privat channels? and not block any roles?
this could be something else not? im not sure
Answer: By default, yes.


Question: I changed the options and then joined the queue, but it doesn't show my nick. I tested several times and other people were testing, the nicks don't appear anywhere, except in one place (second screen). How to fix this?
Answer: Nicks are supossed to just appear there, or in captain selection


Question: By default, yes.
Answer: its default, ill just search in my logs any commands then. Maybe i found something, hopefully.


Question: its default, ill just search in my logs any commands then. Maybe i found something, hopefully.
Answer: `/channel restrictions` restricts channel viewing, so only the people in that queue can see, maybe u changed that? Category perms aswell can override, just check everyone role


Question: `/channel restrictions` restricts channel viewing, so only the people in that queue can see, maybe u changed that? Category perms aswell can override, just check everyone role
Answer: ``/channel restrictions`` should be enabled right?


Question: Second problem I have is that when both players have 1000 MMR and it says like on the screen above (+50) next to their nicks before the game starts. But after the game the winning player gets +66 and the losing player -66. I disabled all multipliers.
Answer: make sure you start a new match after changing any settings


Question: make sure you start a new match after changing any settings
Answer: Ok looks like it was the placement multiplier, now it works, thank you for the help.


Question: To show the all time score between two specific players
Answer: `/compare`


Question: I voted on the top.gg website and it still says I have to vote
Answer: <#919709100114346076> !


Question: its not a test mode thing, but if someone only wants to play a specific role, then it ensures they are next up in queue for that role automatically
Answer: In case someone will leave the queue?


Question: In case someone will leave the queue?
Answer: yes, or for the next match


Question: hey, currently 3 of my queues are linked, and the global leaderboard is actively updating. However, I would like to create a queue that doesn't impact statistics such as MMR, losses, and wins—perhaps a fun queue. How can I set up a queue like that?
Answer: do you have serverwide stats enabled?


Question: they will goto the front of the queue automatically
Answer: Is there a way to disable this?


Question: there is a 3 of queue which is working for 3 different ranks and for same game
Answer: its a bit complicated, plz open a forum post and ill help you there


Question: `/tempchannels permissions set `
Answer: its the "connect" permission


Question: its the "connect" permission
Answer: Wdym?


Question: Do you want anyone to join?
Answer: A specific role to join the locked ones


Question: A specific role to join the locked ones
Answer: The command i said then just specify a role


Question: but when one queue starts a match, they will automatically be removed from other queues
Answer: Oh okay, that's fair.

But in the past, there was a command to prevent people from queuing into two different queue, am I right?


Question: ineed it like this 
`Lobby pass
No sho ?
Developed by`
Answer: Using "\n", pretty sure its on the docs


Question: Oh okay, that's fair.

But in the past, there was a command to prevent people from queuing into two different queue, am I right?
Answer: yea you are not tripping


Question: Anyone have a Free for all Queue for 8 people?
Answer: 4vs4?


Question: Anyone have a Free for all Queue for 8 people?
Answer: you can set the /numberofteams to 8, and /teamsize 1


Question: <@145305657237700608> working on the toggle for people that join /leave the channel lobbies
Answer: not currently


Question: i would like to receive notifications in the #bans channel when players are banned, so that the banned individual and other players can see who is banned for what duration and which reason. However, I couldn't customize this, so I created a command, but I couldn't give permission to members (non-staff) for it. Is there a way to do this?
Answer: help


Question: i would like to receive notifications in the #bans channel when players are banned, so that the banned individual and other players can see who is banned for what duration and which reason. However, I couldn't customize this, so I created a command, but I couldn't give permission to members (non-staff) for it. Is there a way to do this?
Answer: you will have to create a /staffrole which has the default user permissions


Question: <@857633321064595466> perms
Answer: > ### Why am I getting a permissions error?
> There is various reasons that can raise this error, please make sure to check the following points to solve it:
> - The bot has the necessary permissions.
>   - The bot can send messages and manage channels.
> - If you assign a role to the bot, ensure it doesn't overwrite the bot's permissions.
> - Category and channel permissions do not override the bot's permissions.
>   - If the category or channel is private, add the bot to it through the settings.
> **Fast fix:** Give the bot administrator permissions.


Question: Is there a command to mute all players when captains are picking
Answer: that’s a good point


Question: but it shouldn’t work like that, i’ll think about changing it
Answer: Ight


Question: that’s a good point
Answer: I found that command /captains automute tho


Question: I found that command /captains automute tho
Answer: it mutes in voice, not sending messages


Question: What's the command to force highest MMR players to be captain?
Answer: that’s the command


Question: that’s the command
Answer: Thanks, I'm dumb. I thought it was going to populate but it's actually a drop down after you type that command


Question: How do I link the points of one channel to be shown in the statics of another?

I just wanted a single channel showing the statistics for all queues
Answer: if the stats are separate, you can't combine them into 1 display


Question: Can IGN be set using API post request?
Answer: not currently, but can be added


Question: not currently, but can be added
Answer: i would appreciate that very much


Question: hey i voted and it still says i dont have access to using stats feature
Answer: <#919709100114346076>


Question: configs are not deletable
Answer: so what can i do to remove my configs from another bot in another server ?


Question: configs arent public, how are they getting it then?
Answer: I have been loaded my config to another server and the owner of this server took my config and start sharing it


Question: if you are not staff in the server, there is nothing i can help with
Answer: I have administrator on the server so what u can help me with ?


Question: you can use any commands you want if you are staff
Answer: Yes but i need to delete the latest config from the list


Question: technically it only shows the 15 most recent ones
Answer: So i can add 15 config to hide the latest right


Question: I have ~~betting~~ predictions set up, and I thought it was going well until I noticed an issue today.

Even if someone doesn't bet on a match, their points go up whether they win or lose their match. I just did a test-run. Nobody bet on the match, and I checked the stats of two players on separate teams pre and post match. Both players went up in points, even though one lost and one won.

Is this intentional? I thought a player was only supposed to have their points affected if they won or lost.

Also, only the player on the left has the role allowed to bet. The one on the right does not, and never has, according to him.
Answer: by default, every players gets 100 points for each match they play


Question: by default, every players gets 100 points for each match they play
Answer: If I set this to 0, they will only gain/lose if they place a bet. Am I understanding correctly?


Question: I had a few queues on various channels for test, after deleting the channels (without using /endqueue before the deletion), I still see the queues at the bottom of the: /serverstats info
Even after resetting all stats, the queues are there.
Can I remove them somehow from there? Maybe I should recreate the queues with the same names and then /enqueue them or reset the stats? Is there any other better solution?
Answer: could you screenshot it and show?


Question: 
Answer: since there are matches played, it will stay there


Question: since there are matches played, it will stay there
Answer: Ok thank you for the answer.
I would appreciate if you could also answer my other two questions. Thank you.


Question: Another question. If the temporary channel is created as thread and the parent queue channel doesn't give rights to players to use bot commands, will they be able to use commands on the temporary threads that is attached to this parent queue channel?
Answer: threads inherit the same perms as the channel iirc


Question: Does /substitute need to be used on the temporary channel or can it be used to any other channel? If on any channel, does the channel need to be linked to the queue channel by the /link command?
Answer: must be used in the match channel


Question: why not just let them use commands?
Answer: I would like the queue channel to be clean, just with the queue (even though I know that is sticks to the bottom), I created separated channel for commands.
I will just use a normal match channel then or enable the commands.


Question: hey, when I want to use the /leaderboard command it tells me to vote on the top.gg site but even after voting it still does not work, what should I do? From what I can tell there is also no way for me to get access to the leaderboards from the website.
Answer: <#919709100114346076>


Question: Hey just wanted to ask if there was a way to force matchmaking queue to start only when force started, I have tried to use /match start when forcestarted yet it always pops a match regardless of this condition when 10 people have joined the queue
Answer: hmm i guess matchmaking doesn't work with force start


Question: I have a queue with roles and I would like players to stick to the roles they pick, so how to prevent people from using the /role command to set their role on the match channel after the game is about to start?
Answer: setting a /role won't impact anything if you are in queue


Question: <@145305657237700608> Yo, is it possible to setup so the random captains pick are set to like, so they have a minimum of 15 20 games or whatever?
Answer: not currently


Question: which DM is that?
Answer: i looked around in the documentation but couldnt find anything


Question: its the only way to provide feedback to the user
Answer: if the user doesn't want the feedback, would it be sensible to allow them to tell the bot not to dm them as a preferential option?


Question: hmm i guess matchmaking doesn't work with force start
Answer: ah thats unfortunate, thanks anyway


Question: i can change it, whats the channel ID?
Answer: Thank you, the queue channel ID: 1211029260488282143


Question: Thank you, the queue channel ID: 1211029260488282143
Answer: done


Question: I would like to have an anonymous queue with 4 slots. When full the bot would automatically create 2 1v1 games with players picked by MMR? Is this possible to achieve this and how?
Answer: yes, set the /numberoflobbies to 2


Question: yes, set the /numberoflobbies to 2
Answer: What should the queuetype be?


Question: <#935731235790139422> is the only place that data is public, if you meant that
Answer: That's it, I was unable to spot it on the channel list


Question: Bot not dragging anyone
Answer: Also adding that the leaderboard is not working


Question: Bot not dragging anyone
Answer: seconded


Question: oops i forgot to turn ping off mb
Answer: nope, glad to know someone else is experiencing the same issues


Question: Also adding that the leaderboard is not working
Answer: same problem, leaderboard doesn't work


Question: <@648635725964902411>
Answer: How long is this gonna be down for?


Question: Leaderboard is still broken
Answer: seems fine for me


Question: i dont see that URL anywhere
Answer: It redirects to it after clicking the title,  I now generated new /leaderboard to make sure and clicked the title, this is the url, I have not changed it. But I have set url for my other queue and maybe this somehow broke the first one. I may try to set new url, but this looks like a bug.


Question: Question: If only 1 players voted in the voting for winner and the matchcleanup time runs out, is it a TIE or the team he voted for wins?
Answer: whoever has more votes gets the win


Question: <#919709100114346076>
Answer: thank you


Question: usually the queue immediately empties when a match starts, if you have temp text channels enabled
Answer: cool that works TY 😄


Question: Im so surprised challonge and neat queue can not run 4v4 brackets on their site haha
Answer: 4 teams?


Question: valorant would be like you said, user#tag
Answer: I've tried to do this with just my own user#tag and it keeps returning as error 'wrong formatting'


Question: Is it possible to put like 8 maps and the 2 captains keep banning them untill there is only 1 map to be played?
Answer: yes, `/map add` all the maps, then set `/map bans`


Question: I've tried to do this with just my own user#tag and it keeps returning as error 'wrong formatting'
Answer: what are you trying? i can check


Question: what are you trying? i can check
Answer: /register Sajai#iron1


Question: what region?
Answer: APAC


Question: seems like its only doing na and eu
Answer: oh thats unfortunate, it still works tho bc we have primarily eu and na players


Question: oh thats unfortunate, it still works tho bc we have primarily eu and na players
Answer: this is where i pull valorant MMR from:
https://api.kyroskoh.xyz/valorant/v1/mmr/apac/Sajai/iron1?show=eloonly&display=0
doesn't seem to work for you?


Question: nvm im dumb:
https://api.kyroskoh.xyz/valorant/v1/mmr/ap/Sajai/iron1?show=eloonly&display=0
Answer: sorry just saw this msg, lemme take a look


Question: that API seems to work fine, i would assume thats your internal rating
Answer: hmm interesting, either way /register cant seem to pull it for some reason


Question: hmm interesting, either way /register cant seem to pull it for some reason
Answer: i didn’t update yet


Question: i didn’t update yet
Answer: ah ok gotcha, tyvm


Question: could you explain more
Answer: basically, i want the bot to start a queue after 6 players have entered the queuing system


Question: 
Answer: Same thing happening


Question: you need the team size to be 6
Answer: how do i do that?


Question: Did that happen just out of nowhere or sum
Answer: yeah


Question: this whole thing
Answer: what’s your server ID


Question: how do i set up the match to be best of 3
Answer: `/bestof `


Question: `/bestof `
Answer: when adding these details do you put all of em in one go? or you keep adding three a sentence>


Question: is there any way to change the drafts from snake to regular? (1 pick at a time?)
Answer: `/captains drafttype`


Question: `/captains drafttype`
Answer: thanks


Question: could i remove the ability to text chat in the que channel?
Answer: You can change the category perms where the channel will be created


Question: Ah, so you meant the game doesnt start, use `/test`
Answer: I got it im trying to now have the captains be the ones who select the maps


Question: how can i set up a current leaderboard by MMR?
Answer: leaderboard sorts by MMR by default


Question: Also adding on how can I set up different ques based on role/skill level?
Answer: give different queues a `/rolerequirement`, and use `/autoroles` to assign roles automatically


Question: how do i remove the / roles?
Answer: with just `/roles`


Question: really said he was gonna use elo by andy, at least use inhousequeue smh
Answer: idk if i want someone like that using it


Question: like, how would you specify how this breaks down
Answer: I am not sure what you mean. This would work the same every time. Just a command to switch the type of team creation between the current one and the new one.


Question: I know, I will probably have to.

So any chance that you would add such thing? And if yes more or less when?
Answer: throw it in <#911057745204105237> first and can think about it a bit more 😄


Question: I also have another question that I already asked some days ago but I think without answer:

Will players be flagged by avoiding voting for winners many times? Looks like no, but that could be useful. At least in 1v1 this could work, I see that it may be problematic in normal voting because not everyone needs to vote, but in 1v1 where it is the most needed it could be useful.
Answer: the anticheat flag is only for incorrectly voting, not for not voting at all


Question: Is there a way to remove the 60minute requeue or make it longer?
Answer: what are you talking about exactly


Question: <@145305657237700608> to me?
Answer: yea like new issue, or just issue with that config


Question: what are you talking about exactly
Answer: When 10 stacking the bot will requeue or cancel queue every 60 minutes


Question: thats not supported, only button clicks or joining a voice channel
Answer: I have seen this in other servers? Is it no longer supported or never was?


Question: 
Answer: Thank You, is there any way I save the old data month to month?


Question: Thank You, is there any way I save the old data month to month?
Answer: you probably want `/leaderboardconfig monthly`


Question: you probably want `/leaderboardconfig monthly`
Answer: Oh thank You!!!


Question: but you won't reset any stats
Answer: hey is there a way to link mmr between 3 different queues to one leaderboard?


Question: <@857633321064595466> stats
Answer: > ### How stats for a queue are linked
> In NeatQueue, player stats are stored via a unique name. This lets you link queues together for sharing stats, or separating across queues (Example: Rocket League Queue and Overwatch Queue both have independent stats).
> 1) If `/leaderboardconfig sharedstats serverwide` is enabled, that is the unique name that is used for all queues, so all queues see the same stats.
> 2) Otherwise, if `/leaderboardconfig sharedstats set` is set, that is the unique name to use for just this channel's queue. Any queue with this same unique stats name will see the same stats.
> 3) Otherwise, the queue name is used as the unique name.


Question: I know this is probably highly unlikely, but is there a way to limit a certain role in the queue?

For instance, we sometimes have 6 goalkeepers join, and that's honestly not good lol. So if we could limit it to, idk, 3, that would be awesome.
Answer: are you talking about when it shows `+4` for the role for example


Question: yes but how do we sync it with a text channel?
Answer: the leaderboard is always linked to the queue


Question: Hey, I have a player who left the discord and i need to edit him off the leaderboard but it cant find player so it wont allow me to remove his points
Answer: easy fix would be to add `/rolerequirement add role:@everyone`


Question: are you talking about when it shows `+4` for the role for example
Answer: No. We have 22 people queue up, but if there was a way to limit a role from queueing up, so only 3-4 people with the GK role can be included in that 22.
I don't think I can describe it very well.


Question: are you using `/roles` ?
Answer: We aren't. We just have it set where the channel isn't viewable by people without a certain role.


Question: what’s the config
Answer: Broken Open


Question: I need a system like a 7v7 and 3v3 mode
Answer: Check the basic guide on channel's topic


Question: hello, is there a way to import stats from a neatqueue queue to a google spreadsheet?
Answer: I dont think u can directly, but using the API yeah


Question: Check the basic guide on channel's topic
Answer: ty ty


Question: Broken Open
Answer: Any help with this config?


Question: Any help with this config?
Answer: yes ill check it today


Question: Hello, the /leaderboard command displays an empty leaderboard for our queue.
- We've played several games in that queue and /stats shows the stats correctly.
- I've also voted on TopGG for the server.
Answer: Have u changed amything related to the leadearboard, like games required or sum


Question: how can I close voice channels
Answer: Wdym close


Question: Wdym close
Answer: bot opens team 1 and team 2 voice channels


Question: `/voicechannels teamchannels toggle:Disabled`
Answer: it still opens voice channels


Question: it still opens voice channels
Answer: You dont want any temp channels? `/tempchannels toggle`


Question: So the results once a queue is done will display like this?
Answer: That is just the staff channel


Question: Gotcha, so in order to display “this” all I have to do is run /leaderboard while a queue is active? Any settings I need to change? Thanks again for your help
Answer: If u have already a queue just do /leadearboard


Question: 
Answer: `/teamsize: 11`, `/roles: GK, Field, Field, Field, Field, Field, Field, Field, Field, Field, Field`


Question: `/teamsize: 11`, `/roles: GK, Field, Field, Field, Field, Field, Field, Field, Field, Field, Field`
Answer: can you join the discord and do it because it doesnt work


Question: `/teamsize: 11`, `/roles: GK, Field, Field, Field, Field, Field, Field, Field, Field, Field, Field`
Answer: you are supossed to put arguments in there as my previous message


Question: Have u changed amything related to the leadearboard, like games required or sum
Answer: I have played around with it a little bit, but the required games was never more than 1


Question: how can I make a role requirement for queue
Answer: `/rolerequirement add role:` be sure to delete first @ everyone role from the requirement


Question: Hello, the /leaderboard command displays an empty leaderboard for our queue.
- We've played several games in that queue and /stats shows the stats correctly.
- I've also voted on TopGG for the server.
Answer: Is there a difference between the stats in /setstats and /leaderboard


Question: <@648635725964902411>
Answer: You dont need to ping someone everytime u ask something


Question: <@857633321064595466> stats
Answer: > ### How stats for a queue are linked
> In NeatQueue, player stats are stored via a unique name. This lets you link queues together for sharing stats, or separating across queues (Example: Rocket League Queue and Overwatch Queue both have independent stats).
> 1) If `/leaderboardconfig sharedstats serverwide` is enabled, that is the unique name that is used for all queues, so all queues see the same stats.
> 2) Otherwise, if `/leaderboardconfig sharedstats set` is set, that is the unique name to use for just this channel's queue. Any queue with this same unique stats name will see the same stats.
> 3) Otherwise, the queue name is used as the unique name.


Question: just change /teamselection
Answer: that was it! thank you!


Question: my players are complaining about having to vote for winning team after every map, does turning this off just require turning off the MMR system?
Answer: Wdym after every map? Do you have a best of?


Question: how can I close captain selections
Answer: he answered that for me earlier


Question: No, currently this is the loop:
1. queue is 4v4
2. 8 players join
3. they are pushed into their VCs
4. winning team vote starts <-- i want to get rid of step 4.
Answer: So you basically dont want players to vote for the winner, or am i misunderstanding


Question: So you basically dont want players to vote for the winner, or am i misunderstanding
Answer: Yes, I want to remove the voting step to pick winning team. I imagine this is because MMR tracking is on.


Question: which one?
Answer: <@648635725964902411>


Question: I need to ask
Answer: type `/teamselection set` and press Enter for the dropdown menu, then select Random.


Question: Yes, I want to remove the voting step to pick winning team. I imagine this is because MMR tracking is on.
Answer: You can disable it via `/message winnermessage results`


Question: How can I close winner selection
Answer: <@648635725964902411>


Question: keep in mind these matches will last the time u set in `/timer matchcleanup`
Answer: I didn't read this and was wondering how do I tell bot that match ended lol, you nailed the conditionals. Thank you again big dawg.


Question: I'm assuming after the timer, it throws users back to lobby VC?
Answer: Ye it ends the match, you cant actually end it or cancel it since theres no output, so u might want change it to `Only staff` rather than `Disabled`


Question: Hey, i'm having trouble creating a leaderboard any easy explanation?
Answer: Whats confusing?


Question: is there a way to setup a leaderboard that shows everyone in the discord and not just a queue. everytime i try it says "no one in queue"
Answer: Wdym "No one in queue" Leaderboard command does not display that message


Question: <@145305657237700608> how to do you set a timer for people sitting in a queue
Answer: `/timer afk`


Question: that queue config starts automatically
Answer: Will the bug with the auto role be fixed?


Question: I don’t understand?
Answer: since players are not required to join the lobby channel VC, it doesnt auto drag them


Question: Will the bug with the auto role be fixed?
Answer: let me see if i can replicate


Question: <@145305657237700608> Shouldn't the transcripts show the situation on the match channel to the very end? (https://www.neatqueue.com/transcript/266243131853373440/375)
I don't see all votes on this (and others) transcripts.

Also I see that there are 50 last messages. Why not more? Maybe as a premium feature if not possible for free?
Also would be nice to always see the team summary since the match info that contains the link sometimes show the bugged @2523253463545345 username
Answer: i arbitrarily chose 50, it takes time for all the messages to be fetched and save so it just stalls out how long the channel exists for


Question: i arbitrarily chose 50, it takes time for all the messages to be fetched and save so it just stalls out how long the channel exists for
Answer: The messages are not as important to me as to see the not bugged @ usernames and most importantly the final results of the vote. Could you maybe fix this somehow to make sure that the channel is not closed till the final votes are fetched?
I am now investigating a case where players voted wrongly on purpose and that would be very helpful.


Question: I want to set roles per rank and im getting confused with setting mmr and points, what would be the easiest method to implement this ?
Answer: `/autoroles mmr set` You will for example say `Role @Gold` from 100 MMR to 200 MMR then next rank would be `Role @Diamond` from 200 MMR to 300 MMR and like that


Question: `/autoroles mmr set` You will for example say `Role @Gold` from 100 MMR to 200 MMR then next rank would be `Role @Diamond` from 200 MMR to 300 MMR and like that
Answer: perfect thank you


Question: I looked trough a bunch of stuff including here, but is there a way to disable the whole voice channel thing? Just que up, when the que is full, DM the people that it started and just start a new que, no temporary voice channels or requirement to join one.
Answer: `/readyup`


Question: `/readyup`
Answer: Thanks, now need to find the command to disable voice chat creation if it exists


Question: `/voicechannels teamchannels toggle:`
Answer: Hm it's still spawning them, maybe it's something else


Question: oh that one is `/lobbychannel toggle`
Answer: Thanks, it worked perfectly 👍


Question: I really need a way to wipe the stats of players who are no longer in the server. Maybe by index on the leaderboard would be possible? People high up on the leaderboard leave the server and take up a space
Answer: you can do `/rolerequirement add role:@everyone`


Question: all teams have the same size
Answer: Is it possible to add multiple queue in the same channel?


Question: how do i give some1 neat Q perms
Answer: `/staffrole`


Question: Is it possible to add multiple queue in the same channel?
Answer: each channel can only have 1 queue configuration at a time


Question: Is there a way to change the "Join" button team names to the custom team names?
Answer: is this the "Select Team On Join" queue type?


Question: statserver ingame seems broken, I know that it doesn't refresh too frequently due to the discord limitations, but it shows more players than really plays. It shows 36 for my server and the maximum I had in the last 24 hours that really played at the same moment was 20.
Answer: hmm it should be correctly counting all the players in a match


Question: is this the "Select Team On Join" queue type?
Answer: Yes.


Question: it should match the team name
Answer: Thanks you all are the best


Question: Thanks you all are the best
Answer: done


Question: Why doesn't the bot have the duo option? <@145305657237700608>
Answer: `/party`


Question: How do I add an Admin to my NeatQueue bot?
Answer: ./staffrole add


Question: Hello <a:kitty_wave_animated:1055396683275567205> I keep getting this error when the bot tries creating the Lobby VC even though NeatQueue has the Manage Channel permission in the Parent category
Answer: Does it have that permission globally? Or does it have another role that’s overriding its base permission


Question: How can I make 2 queue but 1 leaderboard
Answer: <@857633321064595466> stats


Question: <@857633321064595466> stats
Answer: > ### How stats for a queue are linked
> In NeatQueue, player stats are stored via a unique name. This lets you link queues together for sharing stats, or separating across queues (Example: Rocket League Queue and Overwatch Queue both have independent stats).
> 1) If `/leaderboardconfig sharedstats serverwide` is enabled, that is the unique name that is used for all queues, so all queues see the same stats.
> 2) Otherwise, if `/leaderboardconfig sharedstats set` is set, that is the unique name to use for just this channel's queue. Any queue with this same unique stats name will see the same stats.
> 3) Otherwise, the queue name is used as the unique name.


Question: leaderboard
Answer: but it tells me, one person needs to vote for the server to see leaderboard. does that mean one person need to pay the 2.99?


Question: but it tells me, one person needs to vote for the server to see leaderboard. does that mean one person need to pay the 2.99?
Answer: no, https://discord.com/channels/505102060119916545/919709100114346076/1211514376608153632


Question: but it tells me, one person needs to vote for the server to see leaderboard. does that mean one person need to pay the 2.99?
Answer: huh, no, it’s just a vote which is free, doesn’t say anything about paying


Question: 
Answer: This is the category permissions btw


Question: `/staffrole add`
Answer: I accidentally used this cmd


Question: <@648635725964902411>
Answer: Be more specific


Question: Is there a random password?
Answer: https://docs.neatqueue.com/#/?id=lobbydetails-set


Question: The team channels permission is not set to the person in the teams
It’s set to everyone
Answer: <@145305657237700608>


Question: the bot doesnt modify category perms
Answer: I just want to know what’s wrong, the newly created team Channels do not have the right permissions


Question: https://discord.com/channels/505102060119916545/954499196629692486/1213221750075170937
https://discord.com/channels/505102060119916545/911057745204105237/1209643135043641395
just checking in with this rq.
linked the <#911057745204105237> message to add in an edit where the bot enables the timer after a successful autoping, to prevent ppl from spam pinging ppl
Answer: just checking if this was implemented or in the backburner for now.


Question: have u touched any permissions or channel restrictions stuff
Answer: Channel restrictions yes, but not for newly created channels, I changed permissions for the queue, staff and results channel


Question: have u touched any permissions or channel restrictions stuff
Answer: ok so my goal is for the queue channel, results channel to be only visible for the role in `rolerequired` 
and then for team channels to be only visible for the persons on the teams

what should the category permission and channel permission in discord be set to


Question: Channel permision should only be available for the role, you can set that in the channel's setting, thats all
Answer: do you mean channels setting in discord or in neatque


Question: For some reason whenever we have captains mode with players picking captains we only have 6/8 and sometimes 7/8 for choice, why is this?
Answer: is there a fix for this?


Question: For some reason whenever we have captains mode with players picking captains we only have 6/8 and sometimes 7/8 for choice, why is this?
Answer: could you explain more


Question: Anyway to stop a queue from auto kicking players after 60 mins of inactivity?
Answer: `/timer queuereset` and/or `/timer afk`


Question: how do i get the Register command to work ?
Answer: players use `/register` with their account name and it pulls their MMR for that game


Question: how can I add mmr points to discord names like;
**selimbeys [1907]**
Answer: `/ratinginname`


Question: could you explain more
Answer: we have our draft set to captains mode, with players voting for the captains, we have 8 people total in the queue, but for some reason when it starts, the choice of players randomly jumps between 6/8 or 7/8 also the 7/8 is not excluding myself


Question: how does it define that, does it have to be a role?
Answer: the captains role


Question: ?
Answer: -d /ratinginname


Question: -d /ratinginname
Answer: it is starting with 1000 mmr why?


Question: it is starting with 1000 mmr why?
Answer: where


Question: Trying to use it to set up rosters for a 50 man team but we need squads of 6, squads of 3, and squads of 2
Answer: not currently, all teams are the same size


Question: not currently, all teams are the same size
Answer: Ok, thanks for the support!


Question: how can I delete old queues
Answer: Use the endqueue command


Question: no
Answer: our match results not comes to result channel


Question: 
Answer: wdym close?, end, remove or what


Question: wdym close?, end, remove or what
Answer: no timeout


Question: `/timer queuereset` and/or `/timer afk`
Answer: I tried seting the /timer afk to "disable" but still have people being removed from the queue for "inactivity". Any thoughts how to fixed it?


Question: they can use `/substitute`
Answer: that requires the user to specify a sub. i mean that the player should just invoke the command, and the system finds a sub for them from the queue, like what happens when you don't check in. (click Ready Up, as in this screenshot)


Question: To show your stats
Answer: but  message must be pinned


Question: well if it’s 8 people with 2 captains, it’s only 6 choices?
Answer: the problem is it's not letting us pick the other two in the queue, there is meant to be 8 choices, except it randomly sometimes gives us 6 choices and other times 7 choices


Question: I have a queue setup but a few members names are randomly showing up as their discord ID. Anyway to prevent this and have it consistent show a member’s nickname?
Answer: Discord thing - nothing we can do


Question: I need a reminder on how to make sure the new queues have the same permissions as the main queue channel or category. I added a translation bot and gave it permission to see stuff and send messages in both the category and the main queue channel, but it doesn't appear to be getting allowed into the created queue channels.
Answer: the text channels don’t inherit the category permissions directly


Question: can the bot be set up without creating channels and vc's? I want people to click the button to join the queue, and click a button to say they're ready. The created vc's cause problems for those on xbox
Answer: sure you can use /voicechannels teamchannels and /lobbychannel


Question: you can use /tempchannels permissions to manually change anything though
Answer: I appreciate it


Question: dont have rn cause i enden uip canceling manually with outcome cancel
Answer: `/outcome selectwinner` might be another option for you


Question: the only reasons i can think of it happening are:
- you have a captains role set, and not everyone in the queue has that role
- people in the queue are in a party
Answer: that screenshot is showing i posted before is showing only 6 choices, i am positive everyone has the role, and we don't use parties


Question: <@145305657237700608> how do you make it where you have a set ign button?
Answer: -d commandbutton create


Question: <@145305657237700608> I noticed that some games are not stored in the admin log of games. Should canceled games be there? I need to analyze a chat from one game and it is not in the log (no one deleted it, I checked). And I see this for more games.
Even if a game is canceled, I still need a log of it (to analyze banable behavior).
Answer: depends when it was cancelled, if teams were not yet picked then yea currently it wont save the transcript


Question: that screenshot is showing i posted before is showing only 6 choices, i am positive everyone has the role, and we don't use parties
Answer: the captains role is set to everyone, there is no reason why it is only showing 6 or 7 other than it must be bugged


Question: the captains role is set to everyone, there is no reason why it is only showing 6 or 7 other than it must be bugged
Answer: without any screenshots or anything i can’t help much


Question: <@145305657237700608> The min limit of MMR in my queue is 1000, but 2 players were able to go below 1000, probably because I canceled a game and their points were removed from them. I think in such case the min MMR limit should still apply.
Answer: why did they lose MMR from cancelling?


Question: why did they lose MMR from cancelling?
Answer: If they won a match and got points and then I canceled the match, I think the players who won lose points. Isn't this the case?


Question: without any screenshots or anything i can’t help much
Answer: will grab you it soon


Question: without any screenshots or anything i can’t help much
Answer: DDYVL is the config number, and here is the screenshot, this captain selection needs to include EVERYONE but it only has 6, sometimes it gives us 7, but usually 6 the captain role is set to @ everyone so everyone should be in there but they are not


Question: sure you can use /voicechannels teamchannels and /lobbychannel
Answer: those have been toggled off, and this still wants us to join a vc


Question: <@145305657237700608> is there a way to test the neatqueue bot alone without any other people, just to see if everything is set up correctly?
Answer: -d test


Question: so it spans 2 fields to fit it all
Answer: I see, also is there a way to have the bot only create the text channel where you can ping all the players but not create the vc where everyone would need to join?


Question: yes in /info
Answer: I was looking there and I am unable to see it there.
If I would set the monthly stats again to make sure it is set, is this not going to mess in any way with the existing MMR people have and the leaderboard?


Question: Heya, looking for a specific set up and wanted to see if anyone already knew
I want to set up a queur to pop when 2 people with the [captain] role join the queue and when 8 people with the [draft] role join a queue. Basically a 0/2 slot for captain, and 0/8 slot for drafts
Answer: you can use `/roles`


Question: For some reason my leaderboards arnt working and it’s telling me to vote and I vote so they can come back up and they just don’t show up even tho I voted
Answer: type `@NeatQueue#0850 i voted` in your server chat


Question: you can check the leaderboard and see if there is a month selection option
Answer: https://www.neatqueue.com/lb/5v5_

I don't see it but probably because this is the first month?


Question: check in discord
Answer: Ok thank you, I see March 2024 too


Question: you voted to randomize captains
Answer: thanks for that made a lot more sense now


Question: can i use my own pictures or do i have to post them someowhere for the banners of the queue?
Answer: You can use wathever u want


Question: how can i reset the system to not have 1000 players registered and only the people who join q?
Answer: When you join a queue you get registered, thats by default


Question: i cannot display my mmr in the name like as example: Satoru (1000)

Could somebody help me with that one pls?
Answer: does it work for everyone else?


Question: does it work for everyone else?
Answer: Yea. But for normal players it dont work either.


Question: -d lobbychannel toggle
Answer: ah yes i forgor but now i get the team selection voting but also want to turn that off if possible, cant find a setting


Question: How can I add role requirements for queue
Answer: `/rolerequirement add`


Question: how do i make where i can see who joined que
Answer: Disable /anonymous queue


Question: Disable /anonymous queue
Answer: thanks, also how do i get to where it sends the match overview to the admin chat where they void the match or change the winner


Question: thanks, also how do i get to where it sends the match overview to the admin chat where they void the match or change the winner
Answer: You need to set the /staffchannel


Question: hey, anyone knows how i can allow anyone to make their own ques so it doesn't have to be admins only?
Answer: Do u create a queue and delete it after a match is done or wut


Question: you might need to make sure its linked but you could also have a required amount of games
Answer: It works for everyone but me, it’s probably a visual glitch cause Page 2-6 still work and all the other category’s completely work it’s just the first page for MMR that’s bugged, I’ve made several configs over the past couple months but this is the first time I’ve had this glitch


Question: Do u create a queue and delete it after a match is done or wut
Answer: oh yeah... i do end up deleting it after a match, which is something i shouldn't have done


Question: <@145305657237700608> sorry to bother you but is there a way to make a rank role that is tied to a certain number of mmr you get? so in order to get a certain rank role in the server, u can set up a command where the player has to reach that certain mmr to get it?
Answer: `/autoroles mmr set` & `/rolerequirement`


Question: i dont get the setup??
Answer: Check neatqueue perms to send messages and embed links


Question: `/autoroles mmr set` & `/rolerequirement`
Answer: thank you so much man, is there anyway i can donate to you guys when the time comes?


Question: Is there any way to change players names on the leaderboard?
Answer: Not really


Question: anyone know how to delete commands ment to be scheduled for leaderboards??/
Answer: `/schedule delete` ?


Question: Sure, here is
Answer: W, when i get my money up, I will be donating


Question: 
Answer: Also put this in feature requests


Question: Check neatqueue perms to send messages and embed links
Answer: thanks it was the embed role that wasn't enabled by default


Question: just checking if this was implemented or in the backburner for now.
Answer: <@145305657237700608> sorry to bother but just following up on this - just a response would be appreciated for now


Question: no update atm sorry
Answer: hey do you know how i can limit the voting phase to only captains and auto teams


Question: auto teams?
Answer: i mean just to this


Question: auto teams?
Answer: also do you know why this happens?


Question: also do you know why this happens?
Answer: yes, the free tier only allows 3 different queue channels


Question: yes, the free tier only allows 3 different queue channels
Answer: i just invited the bot to the server


Question: yes, the free tier only allows 3 different queue channels
Answer: how can i delete those supposed three queues?


Question: that match does not say it is complete
Answer: https://www.neatqueue.com/transcript/266243131853373440/1038


Question: your timezone is set to Europe/Warsaw
Answer: I see, I don't remember changing it and I don't see any place where I can check it (I don't see this on /info)


Question: you can try, but yes it would go on the leaderboard of when it started
Answer: I tried, the error is "Could not find the match channel. Perhaps it was deleted?"


Question: yea you will need to manually add stats if you want
Answer: Could you point me how?


Question: hmm seems the leaderboard endpoint does not include the timezone adjustment
Answer: What does it mean in practice?
The games people play right now will count for the new month or for March?


Question: cuz it doesnt check the server's timezone
Answer: Here in the discord preview the March is not able to load, April works properly


Question: click the image and hit "Open Link"
Answer: Thank you for your help.

One last question. Was this a random situation or something like this may happen by the end of each month?


Question: Just keep trying
Answer: Still not working bud. It has been like that for a week


Question: 
Answer: show your config in /info


Question: Still not working bud. It has been like that for a week
Answer: leaderboard works, make sure there is a queue and the bot can send messages


Question: -d add mmr
Answer: But it doesnt Work when i write /add mmr @role


Question: `/roles roles:GK,Util,Util,Util,Util...`
Answer: I could kiss you


Question: show your config in /info
Answer: What should I show there? I did /info on my server now


Question: Bot not showing stats saying 1 user needs to vote to unlock but everyone has and yet it's still not working.. saying the same thing
Answer: <#919709100114346076>


Question: <#919709100114346076>
Answer: Thank you ❤️❤️❤️❤️


Question: `/add win`
Answer: does the mmr add depend on how much mmr you have?


Question: just use it again and it will disable
Answer: i tried that it didn't work i had to to a config load to get rid of it


Question: Hello, I try to access the server leaderboard but it asks me to vote on top.gg, even though I've already done so. And is it possible to join the same voc when a 1v1 is created, for example?
Answer: https://discord.com/channels/505102060119916545/919709100114346076/1211514376608153632


Question: is there a way to have the queue history sent to a different channel to keep track of them?
Answer: for the normal winner message, /resultschannel


Question: is there  way to get the messages to autodelete once the queue is done?
Answer: no, but if you use /tempchannels, the channel will be deleted


Question: does mmr go to every queue or just the one you played in
Answer: the specific queue you played in


Question: the specific queue you played in
Answer: cause the leaderboard changes for all


Question: not planned currently
Answer: are you thinking of adding it in future?


Question: larger bots run across multiple machines where each machine manages different discord servers
Answer: hi do you know with what command users can get their elo on their discord tag


Question: hi do you know with what command users can get their elo on their discord tag
Answer: `/ratinginname`


Question: Not giving roles when they get to the mmr dictated, did I do something wrong?
Answer: <@145305657237700608> <@648635725964902411>


Question: <@145305657237700608> <@648635725964902411>
Answer: uhh no clue why it is not working, should be fine i guess


Question: Would there be any way to remove someone from the queue? for example, someone entered the queue in someone else's place, would it be possible to remove that person?
Answer: Yas, `/player remove`


Question: Hello, back again with the weird queue, so despite having set the forcestartconfig to min:10 and auto_start:True, once the queue fills with 2 captains and 8 league players, the queue still does not start - I was wondering if this is due to the way the teams are set up? https://i.bfz.moe/png/2024/April/02/650_Discord_19h-29m_350x322.png
Answer: forcestart is not the normal way to start a match


Question: Hello, is there a way to skip the que voice chat after we have selected teams, like as soon as we chose teams it puts us in our team voice chat? Thank you
Answer: that’s usually how it works, it creates the team channels after teams are made , what do you see


Question: by default it starts when the queue fills
Answer: Yeah the queue isn't starting when it fills though so I have to force start it


Question: Yeah the queue isn't starting when it fills though so I have to force start it
Answer: did you change any settings?


Question: did you change any settings?
Answer: Not home right now to check but it's very possible, I'll remake the queue when I'm back to clean slate it


Question: that’s usually how it works, it creates the team channels after teams are made , what do you see
Answer: It creates a single voice channel first, and when everyone joins it then splits us up into 2 voice channels. I was hoping the moment we finish joining Team 1 and 2 that it automatically puts us in voice channels 1 and 2


Question: It creates a single voice channel first, and when everyone joins it then splits us up into 2 voice channels. I was hoping the moment we finish joining Team 1 and 2 that it automatically puts us in voice channels 1 and 2
Answer: you can disable the /lobbychannel


Question: 
Answer: seems to be so yea


Question: try now?
Answer: It works ty 😉


Question: Yas, `/player remove`
Answer: yo do u know how i can increase the mmr of certain players?


Question: yo do u know how i can increase the mmr of certain players?
Answer: `/add mmr`


Question: `/add mmr`
Answer: noted


Question: `/add mmr`
Answer: Hello, is there an option to reduce the time when making captains, it takes one minute by default, i would like to change it to 20 seconds ☝️


Question: Hello, is there an option to reduce the time when making captains, it takes one minute by default, i would like to change it to 20 seconds ☝️
Answer: `/timer votes`


Question: Also, do you know how I can make the votes of who won the game be done by only one administrator?
Answer: `/message winnermessage results value:Staff Only`


Question: `/message winnermessage results value:Staff Only`
Answer: then how can i set the wins and lose


Question: after this
Answer: Set a `/staffchannel` to control it easier or `/outcomeselect winner`, but i recommend setting a staff channel


Question: <@145305657237700608> What is in the Professional plan for 20 credits
Answer: Up to 5k players, unlimited queues, and 1k daily matches


Question: `/message winnermessage results value:Staff Only`
Answer: sorry to bother u but i have used the /add mmr command and then added the user i wanted to give mmr to and specified the role. but for some reason it keeps saying You must specify one of user and role


Question: Is there a way to not create voice channels if we use the ready button instead ?
Answer: -d lobbychannel toggle


Question: Hello, I have neat queue in my server, and currently I have 3 different queues based on ranks, that have rank requirements in order to join each queue, that said, I have had to activate shared stats, and was wondering if I could make a queue that would not impact these stats, within the same server.

more of a "casual" queue.
Answer: if you enabled serverwide stats, you will need to disable it, then configure the other queues to share stats again


Question: sorry to bother u but i have used the /add mmr command and then added the user i wanted to give mmr to and specified the role. but for some reason it keeps saying You must specify one of user and role
Answer: You can just put the mmr ammount to add and the @ of the user, you must be filling the parameters wrong?


Question: if you enabled serverwide stats, you will need to disable it, then configure the other queues to share stats again
Answer: Thank you! How would I do so?


Question: <@145305657237700608><@648635725964902411> how work **/register** , webhook ... ?
Answer: `/register` works if you have `/requireregister`


Question: `/register` works if you have `/requireregister`
Answer: oke, how work ``/requireregister :mode (Custom URL) or (Manuall)`` idk how work, i would like to connect ``dota 2/steam/dotabuff/stratz`` , something between all this


Question: i can set up dota2 if there is an API to check ratings
Answer: I'm not good at code, can you tell me exactly what you need? , there are APIs different from the site that delivers information about players, matches and so on, mmr or rank should also be there. This **https://docs.stratz.com/index.html**


Question: <@648635725964902411> do multipliers stack?
Answer: things like streak and placement multipliers stack yes


Question: What format does `/api/history/$server_id` take for the `start_date` and `end_date` parameters? I tried giving it ISO 8601 in the Swagger UI, but it still returned every single match that was played in my testing server.
Answer: it should be an ISO datetime


Question: My guess was out
Answer: yo how do i reset everyones mmr, i have used the **/managestats reset mmr** command but I don't think it's the right one. how do i reset everyones mmr without having to use roles?


Question: Thats the right command
Answer: then whats the right command to reset everyones mmr to a specifc number i want then?


Question: it should be an ISO datetime
Answer: I'm using these exact parameters, and I'm still getting the entire history.


Question: Hello, I've been setting up the bot for a couple of days now. I'm not sure what I changed to make it give out error codes now since I've done a few things and tried reverting back what I've done. The last error code I got was  OKOCG.
Answer: captain selection doesn’t work if you have only 1 player


Question: 
Answer: Where are u running the command


Question: I have an idea to create a role that triggers said achievement. But is there an option in the bot to auto role based on that criteria
Answer: You mean get a "role" based on MMR or Wins etc?


Question: Where are u running the command
Answer: I need just connect 2 queue to 1 leaderboard


Question: You mean get a "role" based on MMR or Wins etc?
Answer: Are those the only two options currently? There not a total games played or total mvps?


Question: Are those the only two options currently? There not a total games played or total mvps?
Answer: Thats why i typed *etc*


Question: I need just connect 2 queue to 1 leaderboard
Answer: Youll need to share stats


Question: <@857633321064595466> stats
Answer: > ### How stats for a queue are linked
> In NeatQueue, player stats are stored via a unique name. This lets you link queues together for sharing stats, or separating across queues (Example: Rocket League Queue and Overwatch Queue both have independent stats).
> 1) If `/leaderboardconfig sharedstats serverwide` is enabled, that is the unique name that is used for all queues, so all queues see the same stats.
> 2) Otherwise, if `/leaderboardconfig sharedstats set` is set, that is the unique name to use for just this channel's queue. Any queue with this same unique stats name will see the same stats.
> 3) Otherwise, the queue name is used as the unique name.


Question: <@857633321064595466> stats
Answer: our main leaderboard 4v4


Question: `/outcome cancel` (Admin) or `/cancel` (Votes)
Answer: thanks


Question: Hi <@145305657237700608> ! Is it possible to give points to players for a tied game ?
Answer: `/add points`, but no i dont think so


Question: `/add points`, but no i dont think so
Answer: How can I activate the option for captains to be re-elected?


Question: How can I activate the option for captains to be re-elected?
Answer: `/captains reshuffle` This only works if the captains were selected randomly


Question: `/captains reshuffle` This only works if the captains were selected randomly
Answer: do you know why the bot sometimes doesn't move the users into their vcs?


Question: So when doing the winrate autorole, if the user has a 100% winrate it wont role them
Answer: how can i make the autorole work so that 100% also autoroles


Question: 
Answer: cannot yet


Question: how can i make the autorole work so that 100% also autoroles
Answer: i’ll have to fix, i forgot the upper bound is not included, and it’s not possible to set it to above 100%


Question: i’ll have to fix, i forgot the upper bound is not included, and it’s not possible to set it to above 100%
Answer: yeah i was just like what the heck LOL


Question: what are you testing with
Answer: a discord webhook


Question: Hmm what does this message mean? I have premium for the bot, do I need some other kind of premium?
Answer: This bot has nothing to do with neatqueue


Question: This bot has nothing to do with neatqueue
Answer: Right my bad, the commands are the same, sorry for posting this.


Question: When he checks (by clicking "show my stats") stats show 220 matches, when I check it shows 120
Answer: seems like using the command does not show alltime stats


Question: `/ratinginname`
Answer: format or what option?


Question: /config save and load
Answer: And how can i upload the save file to a different discord?


Question: And how can i upload the save file to a different discord?
Answer: When u hit `/config save` it will drop out a code, or the desired name u set it to, then that code can be loaded from whichever discord server that has neatqueue with `/config load`


Question: <@648635725964902411>
Answer: Stop pinging


Question: voice channel is
Answer: yo NeatZ why somebody when join the server dont get in the nickname discord server an mmr rate


Question: cuz they havent queued
Answer: btw how i can get mmr rate in my nickname


Question: -d voicechannels
Answer: but how i can add mmr rate to my nickname


Question: if you are the server owner, the bot cant change your name
Answer: im gonna just maybe give the crown to my alt acc and its gonna work


Question: so you could check mine, I did doo it definitely right 😄
Answer: Do /info and go to the 8th page


Question: 
Answer: Looks like you set it to games and not for MMR <:sadcat:1179569615911800842>


Question: lemme see
Answer: ```https://imguploader.de/image/9luov``` does also not work - do you have any image host which will work for sure ?


Question: `https://i.imgur.com/aAP8HnW.gif`
Answer: Yo yo yo


Question: website show the same?
Answer: Blank leaderboard still


Question: you are saying gifs work in other commands?
Answer: it was just the uploaders // I uploaded it on my website and then it worked fine


Question: Wondering...

* Is a "queue" a single match? Or is it a container for multiple matches?
* Is it possible to have multiple queues / matches forming simultaneously in the same text channel?
Answer: - container for multiple matches is a good way to put it. You create a queue, which will continuously create matches when the queue is filled
- you can have 1 queue configured per channel, but there is no limit to how many matches can run at the same time


Question: 
Answer: maybe they are a higher role than the bot


Question: -d autoroles mmr set
Answer: what command is it to set it


Question: what command is it to set it
Answer: its right there


Question: its right there
Answer: i was bein dumb sorry


Question: i was bein dumb sorry
Answer: it's calm but u might not wanna behave dumb as it can annoy the dev and mod


Question: constantly getting this but neatqueue has this role in the server
Answer: Anything I can do here?


Question: <@857633321064595466> perms
Answer: > ### Why am I getting a permissions error?
> There is various reasons that can raise this error, please make sure to check the following points to solve it:
> - The bot has the necessary permissions.
>   - The bot can send messages and manage channels.
> - If you assign a role to the bot, ensure it doesn't overwrite the bot's permissions.
> - Category and channel permissions do not override the bot's permissions.
>   - If the category or channel is private, add the bot to it through the settings.
> **Fast fix:** Give the bot administrator permissions.


Question: it's calm but u might not wanna behave dumb as it can annoy the dev and mod
Answer: i didnt mean too sorry


Question: <@648635725964902411> everytime we win a match and vote for the winner, they not gaining mmr, the score keeps staying at 0.0
Answer: <@145305657237700608>


Question: what config have you changed?
Answer: / mmr change set  amount:44.7 loser_mmr:29.5 static: true


Question: btw why is my leaderboard working on the website but it is showing a poo icon on discord
Answer: any1 know?


Question: what config have you changed?
Answer: do u know the solution?


Question: 
Answer: i don't think i have a code


Question: <@145305657237700608> so sorry i was being dumb. here: 2mans queue
Answer: worked fine for me


Question: Would you guys please send me the link to the translations? polish is still not looking good and i need to check smth
Answer: https://crowdin.com/project/neatqueue


Question: worked fine for me
Answer: i see, alr thanks for the clarification, i dunno why it was doing 0.0 for the wins, maybe its cuz i had it on different settings in 2 diffferent queue channels


Question: it was just the uploaders // I uploaded it on my website and then it worked fine
Answer: Can you send me an example!??


Question: hello <@648635725964902411> can you help me, is there a way to get the players from "Ranked 3vs3" into "QUeue#55" automatically?
Answer: Making it a lobby channel


Question: 
Answer: is it only for one queue? what happens if i have two queues


Question: is it only for one queue? what happens if i have two queues
Answer: Yes its per queue


Question: <@857633321064595466> stats
Answer: > ### How stats for a queue are linked
> In NeatQueue, player stats are stored via a unique name. This lets you link queues together for sharing stats, or separating across queues (Example: Rocket League Queue and Overwatch Queue both have independent stats).
> 1) If `/leaderboardconfig sharedstats serverwide` is enabled, that is the unique name that is used for all queues, so all queues see the same stats.
> 2) Otherwise, if `/leaderboardconfig sharedstats set` is set, that is the unique name to use for just this channel's queue. Any queue with this same unique stats name will see the same stats.
> 3) Otherwise, the queue name is used as the unique name.


Question: is it possible to increase the timer for Ready-up from 5min?
Answer: Pretty sure it is attached to lobby timers


Question: Is there a way 2 teams to vote? Bc rn only 1 team can vote (My settings are teams random so no captain)
Answer: so you mean 2 votes for a win ?


Question: Hi <@145305657237700608> ! Schedule time command can be weekly, monthly or only dayly actually ?
Answer: Do you need NeatZ especially, if not just post the question, maybe someone else could help you out too 🙂


Question: Balanced team selection will balance by MMR
Answer: yeah but in which range can players play with each other?


Question: Can't close a specific game even when i tried with /outcome selectwinner still didn't work and gave me the same message
Answer: <@145305657237700608>


Question: Info should show everything, theres no really priority i guess, just diff perms
Answer: or any way i can check perms?


Question: or any way i can check perms?
Answer: You mean the roles of which thing, I see there u set some and those have their perms showing


Question: How i can start queue when its 6/10
Answer: /forcestart


Question: i can either add it there, or add an endpoint to fetch a specific match's data
Answer: that would be stellar


Question: Is there a way I can make it where people are not automatically kicked out after a certain amount of time when they select a team?
Answer: From the lobbychannel ?


Question: Is there a way I can make it where people are not automatically kicked out after a certain amount of time when they select a team?
Answer: Kicked out of the queue?


Question: Kicked out of the queue?
Answer: Yea as in when a team is selected like 13mins later or so it kicks the person out of queue due to inactivity is there a way for me to make it where they can stay in queue?


Question: Am i tripping or do i get more commands from my phone than on my laptop??
Answer: you are tripping


Question: Yea as in when a team is selected like 13mins later or so it kicks the person out of queue due to inactivity is there a way for me to make it where they can stay in queue?
Answer: You probably have the timer really low


Question: Hi, I have a doubt. Can the time of the ready button be changed?
I mean when you are enough to start a game and you need to press the ready button, I need to increase the time since people are a bit slow to press the button, ty
Answer: You can increase the waiting time with `/lobbychannel timer`


Question: You can increase the waiting time with `/lobbychannel timer`
Answer: i tried those 3 cmmand and nothing


Question: You probably have the timer really low
Answer: alright thank you I'll try those out


Question: wait the queue time cant go past an hour?
Answer: it can, you have to change the timer


Question: Hello !
1) Is there a command to cancel timer ban if the player didn't press the Ready button ?
2) How many games can we do daily ?
Answer: 1) /dodge autoban
2) 50 with the free tier
3) /autoroles topplayers, it won’t be weekly or monthly but in real-time


Question: 1) /dodge autoban
2) 50 with the free tier
3) /autoroles topplayers, it won’t be weekly or monthly but in real-time
Answer: For the last one, i was wondering if it was possible to add an autoroles topplayers command but for the leaderboardconfig monthly command ? And maybe btw add a leaderboardconfig weekly command ?


Question: one challenge im facing, is when neatque decides on the maps/modes for a series, we'd like to follow the standards for the game where a bo5 is always in this order [objective] - [slayer] - [objective] - [objective] - [slayer].. is there any way to define these sorts of requirements/limits to the quebot?
Answer: any ways to address the gametype requirement structure?


Question: `/gamemode selection gamemode_choice:Ordered`
Answer: our goal is to follow the basic logic below

Guides:
> Game 2 and Game 5 are always Slayer
> map setlist should never have a an option for players to choose a re-occurring game mode

Setlist potential:
> Game 1: [Strongholds, KOTH, Oddball or CTF] 
> Game 2: [Slayer] 
> Game 3: [Strongholds, KOTH, Oddball or CTF] 
> Game 4: [Strongholds, KOTH, Oddball or CTF] 
> Game 5: [Slayer]

Example of how choices affect presented options:
> If Game 1 is chosen to be CTF, options for Game 3 would be [Strongholds, KOTH, or Oddball]
> Then, if Game 3 is Strongholds, options for Game 4 would be [KOTH or Oddball]
> Meanwhile, our goal is to make it so Game 2 and Game 5 don't provide gamemode choices, since they're statically slayer and only allow map to be chosen.


Question: do you guys also experience the bug with showig only ppls ids?
Answer: Thats just discord, nothing that you can change


Question: try out the latest update
Answer: HOW?


Question: HOW?
Answer: <#910981294937210930>


Question: correct, the lobby channel command is referencing a voice channel
Answer: good evening sir, how do i unlink a leaderboard from certain channels, and how do I form new leaderboards


Question: <@857633321064595466> stats
Answer: > ### How stats for a queue are linked
> In NeatQueue, player stats are stored via a unique name. This lets you link queues together for sharing stats, or separating across queues (Example: Rocket League Queue and Overwatch Queue both have independent stats).
> 1) If `/leaderboardconfig sharedstats serverwide` is enabled, that is the unique name that is used for all queues, so all queues see the same stats.
> 2) Otherwise, if `/leaderboardconfig sharedstats set` is set, that is the unique name to use for just this channel's queue. Any queue with this same unique stats name will see the same stats.
> 3) Otherwise, the queue name is used as the unique name.


Question: if you dont have a new text channel per match, it would get very very messy
Answer: Alright, when players finish off their game, how can they submit their score so staff can add or remove their ELO


Question: it depends on a few factors, its not random at all though
Answer: what factors


Question: you will have to decouple them
Answer: noted


Question: hello friends. I need a little help here. I'm trying to use "/queuename" and it will only let me change it to "player_stats"?
Answer: You can change your queue name to whatever u want to, the things that pop up are just other queues


Question: <@857633321064595466> stats
Answer: > ### How stats for a queue are linked
> In NeatQueue, player stats are stored via a unique name. This lets you link queues together for sharing stats, or separating across queues (Example: Rocket League Queue and Overwatch Queue both have independent stats).
> 1) If `/leaderboardconfig sharedstats serverwide` is enabled, that is the unique name that is used for all queues, so all queues see the same stats.
> 2) Otherwise, if `/leaderboardconfig sharedstats set` is set, that is the unique name to use for just this channel's queue. Any queue with this same unique stats name will see the same stats.
> 3) Otherwise, the queue name is used as the unique name.


Question: ok i solved it somehow
Answer: dostım çözdğn sanırım çözemediysen


Question: what does it look like
Answer: it’s just blank as if there’s no stats even on the website


Question: whats the channel ID
Answer: 1156274733210415185


Question: could u invite me
Answer: done


Question: done
Answer: its cuz you had `/mmr change hidden` enabled


Question: its cuz you had `/mmr change hidden` enabled
Answer: I thought I tried troubleshooting by setting that false


Question: when i do /simulate for one game it's giving the winner 200 mmr instead of 20 which is what i selected? im new w this sorry if this is smth super easy to fix
Answer: Did u specify the players?


Question: Did u specify the players?
Answer: yeah it was the amount for 1 queue


Question: how can i reset queue numbers ? Like we want to start fresh season but games are still looking with 4 digit numbers ex: #3062
Answer: `/managestats reset all queue_name:`


Question: Is there a way to have roles be random after a queue is filled? I know I can set this up where people have to pick a role in advance, but we want to set up a random one where it will automatically choose your role after the teams are randomly made.
Answer: no not currently


Question: its not actually possible to reset queue numbers
Answer: Ah i didnt see numbers thing i thought he was referring to mmr 😔


Question: <@145305657237700608> In this game (https://www.neatqueue.com/transcript/266243131853373440/1646) players didn't see the voting buttons after the end for some reason and were unable to continue playing next ranking games (because they could not vote). Could you maybe check this? Looks like a bug.
Answer: The winner message didnt even pop up to vote?


Question: did u have to manually resolve the winner
Answer: Yes, one of the admins did


Question: The winner message didnt even pop up to vote?
Answer: It looks so from what players reported and from the transcript


Question: how old is it
Answer: 15 days


Question: yea they arent saved that long
Answer: 14 days is the limit?


Question: 14 days is the limit?
Answer: think its 7 days


Question: think its 7 days
Answer: Is there a way to increase this? Maybe for premium users. It is certainly too short for my needs and the way we handle tickets. I sometimes need to wait for other admin to translate the transcript etc. 14 days would work.


Question: Thank you
Answer: i made it 3 months, that should be good


Question: still happening?
Answer: yea 😦


Question: Hello guys any possibility to add ppls roles when were picking captains?
Answer: could you explain more


Question: is it possible to add it soon from you?
Answer: this week sure


Question: Also is it possible to assign the role which prevents from being chosen as captain for (f.e.) 5 games and then the role is removed?
Answer: not currently


Question: i can take a look this weekend
Answer: Did you not forget?


Question: -d matchstart dmplayers
Answer: thank you and how do i force it to be captains mode always?


Question: when you end queue, you lose all the config
Answer: is there a way to make it so there cant be a draw?


Question: You reset stats with `/managestats reset all`
Answer: Yes ty , the command works for me for the queue. But I'm looking to delete stats all the time 😦


Question: Yes ty , the command works for me for the queue. But I'm looking to delete stats all the time 😦
Answer: someone knows?


Question: that’s the command to delete stats
Answer: i have a couple autorole mmr set up but people dont change roles going up but they do going down


Question: Yes, but it doesn't erase the all-time statistics, only deletes the ones in the current queue
Answer: that is not true


Question: Is there a way to allow a player in a set queue to join the opposing team's Voice Channel?  Or is that a feature only available for discord admins?
Answer: You can change the channel restrictions, or just let everyone join any voice channel via server settings


Question: that is not true
Answer: i have a couple autorole mmr set up but people dont change roles going up but they do going down


Question: i have a couple autorole mmr set up but people dont change roles going up but they do going down
Answer: How did u set up


Question: How did u set up
Answer: /autoroles mmr set role:


Question: Change perms for that role via server settings
Answer: tyty i realized im just not discord literate and was able to see it the whole time just had to press on threads haha


Question: <@857633321064595466> stats
Answer: > ### How stats for a queue are linked
> In NeatQueue, player stats are stored via a unique name. This lets you link queues together for sharing stats, or separating across queues (Example: Rocket League Queue and Overwatch Queue both have independent stats).
> 1) If `/leaderboardconfig sharedstats serverwide` is enabled, that is the unique name that is used for all queues, so all queues see the same stats.
> 2) Otherwise, if `/leaderboardconfig sharedstats set` is set, that is the unique name to use for just this channel's queue. Any queue with this same unique stats name will see the same stats.
> 3) Otherwise, the queue name is used as the unique name.


Question: How do we disable Q's in like the Queue channels
Answer: wdym


Question: How can you customize the 1v1 leaderboard blue text to your own message
Answer: the title?


Question: wdym
Answer: is there a way to make it so a role can see and talk in the text channel so they can ref


Question: -d spectatorrole add
Answer: when only one person joins the vc both of them get a queue ban is there a way to turn it off?


Question: Ideally Gamemode vote -> map vote
Answer: -d map add


Question: when only one person joins the vc both of them get a queue ban is there a way to turn it off?
Answer: sort of a bug which happens occasionally :/


Question: sort of a bug which happens occasionally :/
Answer: how do you change who has permission to edit the results


Question: sure i can restore it to a new server
Answer: id of 1224801652003967008


Question: hi is there a way to remove like the voting of captains when i choose random as like the preset? example it says are MXKX & LALALA ok as captains and we vote yes or no. ( i would rather it just picks 2 and there is no say in it )
Answer: `/captains reshuffle`


Question: its the same server that ws nuked but idk why thaatd be a hinnderince
Answer: if its the same server, what am i doing exactly


Question: if its the same server, what am i doing exactly
Answer: basically


Question: is that channel gone
Answer: nope


Question: if the channel is still there, the queue isnt gone
Answer: it is


Question: <#1230292348274217041>
Answer: does this channel exist


Question: apparently deleting the channel won't save a config code, so itll be a bit harder to grab, need some time
Answer: how long


Question: so i know what day to look at the queue in the backups
Answer: today


Question: queue name was "Season 1 Ranked Draft" ?
Answer: correctamundo


Question: use `/config load RBMRH`
Answer: worked like a charm


Question: <@857633321064595466> premium
Answer: > ### How to get premium
> 1) Login at https://www.neatqueue.com
> 2) Click the Dashboard tab
> 3) Select your server
> 4) Purchase credits and/or select a plan


Question: you can make a new queue and add a
Answer: thanks


Question: <#919709100114346076>
Answer: Sorry just saw this! Where do I say it? In my server or this one?


Question: plz share links
Answer: wdym by links ?


Question: i took a look, would need some more help on what data i would care about
Answer: i took a look, would need some more help on what data i would care about

